---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on November 6, 2012
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox 
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

</p>
<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH 
>Name</TH>
    <TH 
>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH 
>Position</TH>
    <TH 
>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH 
>RAC</TH>
    <TH 
>WCARC</TH></TR>
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Barney Baker</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3BGB</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Harold Hamilton</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3UNK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
 
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Stan Madore</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3SMM</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN15vf</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR 
>
    
    
    <TD 
>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Director</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR 
>
    
    <TD 
>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
      <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Rick Bandla</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CVG</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25hm</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
    <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>David Conn</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3KL</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25vh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Andrew Hart</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD 
>VP</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
 
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25wg</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>

  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Al Penney</TD>
    <TD 
>VO1NO</TD>
    <TD 
>President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN24cw</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>

</TR>
</TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<BR><BR><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The meeting was opened by President Al Penney (VO1NO) at 19:34 hours. <BR>
  The President welcomed 2 guests (again): Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), Dave Conn (VE3KL) <BR>
  The President conveyed apologies for both the Secretary, Glenn MacDonnell (VE3XRA) and the Treasurer, Ken Asmus (VA3KA) for their absence.
<BR><BR><BR><!Secretary><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
 The Secretary being absent, the President displayed the Minutes of the last meeting, as shown on the web pages, on the screen. After discussion and correction, it was moved that the Minutes
 be approved as amended by Andy Hart (VE3NVK), seconded by Peter Jago (VE3PJ). Carried.<BR>
 The Minutes for this meeting were being taken by VP Andy (VE3NVK).

<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  In the absence of the Treasurer, the President, Al (VO1NO) reported that there was approximately $700 in the Treasury and there were no significant changes since the last meeting.

<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>Director's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
none

<BR><BR><BR>  <STRONG>President's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
Al Penney (VO1NO) reminded all that elections would be held next month at the Annual General Meeting. <BR>
Andy Hart (VE3NVK) has resigned his position as Vice President for the coming year, so that position will be open for election. <BR>
Ken Asmus (VA3KA), after ten years as Treasurer is stepping down, so that position will be vacant. <BR>
Andy VE3NVK has volunteered his nomination for the position of Treasurer.<BR>
Al indicated that he is willing to stand again as President, although he does expect to move out of the area in the coming year.<BR>
Al indicated that he does expect to be here for the 2013 Grid Expedition and will again co-ordinate that event.

<BR><BR><BR>  <STRONG>Vice Presidents Report:</STRONG> <BR>
VP Andy Hart (VE3NVK)advised that the present meeting location at Sobeys was booked until March 2013.<BR><BR>
Andy has resigned the VP position for the coming year.

<BR><BR><BR>  <STRONG>Webmaster's Report:</STRONG> <BR> 
    The Webmaster, Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) had nothing to report.

<BR><BR><BR>  <STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG> <BR>
  None
<BR><BR><BR>  <strong>New Business:</strong><br>
 None

<BR><BR><BR>  <STRONG>Other Business:</STRONG> <BR>
- Bert Zauhar asked if there was interest in a talk on fibre optic communication. The consensus was that there was interest, so Bert agreed to go ahead and prepared a 
presentation for sometime in 2013. <BR>
-Bert also mentioned that he is presently building a magnetic loop antenna There was some discussion on this topic, including mention of the extremely high voltages that can be found across the tuning capacitor 
and the need for fine steps in the adjustment of this capacitor.<BR>
- There was a short discussion on the use and practicality of the Anderson PowerPole connectors.

<BR><BR><BR>  <STRONG>General Reports and Announcements:</STRONG><br>
 <BR><strong>Beacons</strong><BR>
  Doug Leach (VE3XK)advised that the beacons are operating well and they have now been put in their winter state. He also advised that the entrance to the beacon site has been gated and so maintenance accessibility is limited to thin people.

<BR><BR><STRONG> D-STAR</strong><BR>
Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) stated that everything is nominal with the local DSTAR system.

<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>Presentation:</STRONG> <BR>
Doug (VE3XK) gave us a very interesting talk on RF Propagation, using the slides of Paul Herrman  N0NBH and a good deal of personal research. The talk stimulated discussion by many of those present. 
Further details of the presentation may be found by referring to the Presentations tab on this web site.

<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>
  The President stated 
  that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned slightly after 2200hrs.
