---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 21, 2023
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Vice President   | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Norman Siemens         | VE3NPP     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Rémi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy           | VA3TEC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mark Biegler           | VA3CPB     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Fred Crowe             | VE3LAF     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| John McGowan           | VA3JYK     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Graham Ide             | VE3BYT     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Andrew Hart            | VE3NVK     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Bill Redmond           | VA3WBR     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:10 pm.
There were two visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report

Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the July 2023 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Lawrence (VA3IQ). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

- Ray (VE3FN) provided the following report: As of July 31, 2023 we had $2734.06 in our Daily Banking Account.  We also had a total of $2107.60 in our two term deposits.  The bottom line is that we now have 12 cents more than we had in our previous statement from Alterna Savings.  This additional 12 cents was earned through bank interest.
- The Club currently has 24 regular members and 4 life members.

### Vice President's Report

Lawrence (VA3IQ) informed the members of the following upcoming meeting presentations:

- Meeting presentations already scheduled:
   - September 2023: Dennis (WA4LPR) - INTRFIL - Round rod inter-digital filtering construction software.
   - October 2023: René (VE2UG) - 47 GHz 3D printed antenna.
- Meeting presentations in planning:
   - Paul (W1GHZ) - Subject and date to be determined.
   - Ham Radio Science Citizen Investigation. The presentation will be given by a Ph.D. student.
   - The Codec 2 HF Voice codec. One of the creators will make a presentation.

### Director's Report

Nothing to report.

### President's Report

Nothing to report.

### Presentation(s)

Mike (VA3TEC): Introduction to Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA).

### Old Business

- 903/1296 MHz Beacons: Bert (VE2ZAZ) joined Phil Lytle (VE3HOA) and Phil St-Germain (VE3CIQ) for a visit to the YMCA roof to recover the beacons. The plan is to revise them and then to install them at the Diefenbunker site, next to our other beacons. This will be completed in the next few weeks.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ): The Club's interest in providing advice on emergency communications to the Galetta Community Association Emergency Planning Committee. Lawrence reached out to the president of the emergency preparedness committee. They will contact him at the end of the summer. A discussion on that matter between the Club Officers will then take place once they know more. The board will report back to the members at a future meeting.
- OARC Carp Hamfest on September 9th: Bert (VE2ZAZ) confirmed that a Club table is reserved. He will bring the Club projector, a screen and a thumb drive containing pictures. Some photos and Club material will be brought by Charles (VA3CPY). Ray (VE3FN) will bring the remaining name badges to the Hamfest. We will need members to man the table for the entire hamfest duration.
- Monthly meeting room: Lawrence (VA3IQ) is looking into finding a meeting room for our monthly meetings. This is a longer term task, but it is progressing.

### New Business

- No new business

### Show and tell

- Ray (VE3FN) showed pictures of his participation in the first leg of the ARRL 10GHz & Up contest.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) reported that Icom are working on 10G and 24G transceiver modules for the IC-905.
- Clayton (VE3IRR): From September 5th to the 8th, the GRCon 2023 (GNU Radio Conference) will take place. People can attend remotely. Clayton will be on site, and will get involved in the "Capture-The-Flag" competition.
- Clayton (VE3IRR): The BSides Ottawa conference will take place in Kanata on October 26th and 27th. Again, Clayton will be involved in organizing the competition.

### Ask the Club

No questions were asked.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 9:26pm.
