---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on October 4, 2011
---
<p>The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>

<table>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th><th>MH Grid</th><th>RAC</th><th>WCARC</th></tr>
  <tr><td>Ken Evans</td><td></td><td>Guest</td><td></td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Dean Denter</td><td>VA3CDD</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15wl</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ken Asmus</td><td>VA3KA</td><td>Treasurer</td><td>FN15wg</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Peter Jago</td><td>VA3PJ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ag</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bert Zauhar</td><td>VE2ZAZ</td><td>Director</td><td>FN25bk</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Graham Ide</td><td>VE3BYT</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ch</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>David Frank</td><td>VE3DMU</td><td>Guest</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Jeff Milne</td><td>VE3EFF</td><td>Guest</td><td>FN25ag</td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ray Perrin</td><td>VE3FN</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Geoff Johnson</td><td>VE3KID</td><td>Member</td><td></td><td>NO</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Norm Rashleigh</td><td>VE3LC</td><td>Guest</td><td>FN25fk</td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Barry Allison</td><td>VE3NJK</td><td>Guest</td><td>FN25fg</td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Clare Fowler</td><td>VE3NPC</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Andy Hart</td><td>VE3NVK</td><td>Vice President</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Glenn MacDonell</td><td>VE3XRA</td><td>Secretary</td><td>FN15dj</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Al Penney</td><td>VO1NO</td><td>President</td><td>FN24cw</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
</table>

<p><br>
  <br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>The
  meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. <br>The
  President welcomed three guests to the meeting: Norm Rashleigh (VE3LC), Barry
  Allison (VE3NJK), Ken Evans (not licenced yet).<br><br>
  As the first order of
  Business the President called on Mr.Rob McLachlan of the Department of Planning and
  Growth Management of the City of Ottawa to outline the proposed Ottawa Antenna Policy Municipal
  Concurrence and Public Consultation Process for Ottawa. (The proposed process
  and accompanying documents can be found at
http://www.ottawa.ca/residents/public_consult/antenna/index_en.html).</p>
<p> Mr.McLachlan noted that the process will be developed in accordance with Industry
  Canada's regulatory framework. The section of the City of Ottawa site plan
  control bylaw, dealing with communication tower proposals, will be deleted. Mr.
  MacLachlan outlined the proposed simplified consultation process for Residential
  Use Antenna Systems (such as thoses used by amateur radio operators) including
  exemptions that would determine when consultation was not necessary before
  proceeding. He answered questions and participated in a lively discussion with
  the members and guests present. The President thanked Mr.McLachlan for
  attending and participating in the discussion.<br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary--><strong>Secretary's
    Report:</strong> <br>Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of
  the previous meeting. Moved by Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) that the previous minutes
  as published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by Peter Jago(VA3PJ).
  <br>Motion approved.
  <br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
<!--Treasurer--><strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong> <br>
    Treasurer
  Ken Asmus(VA3KA) reported that the Club had made $84.50 in sales from the table it operated at the
  Ottawa hamfest and as a result the present balance was $544.30. There are now 27 paid up
  members and 3 life members.<br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <!--TreasurerEnd-->
<!--VicePresident--><strong>VicePresident's Report</strong>
  <br>
  Vice President Andy Hart(VE3NVK) noted that the meeting room at Sobeys is now available but it is not yet possible to book it
  more than 1 week in advance.<br><br>
<!--VicePresidentEnd-->
<strong>Old
    Business:</strong> <br>
  <strong>Dues</strong><br>
    At the previous meeting a motion to increase the
  dues had been moved and seconded and after discussion deferred to the October
  meeting. The President provided the meeting with an overview of income and
  expenses of the club over the past 3 years. The major source of income was
  membership dues. Membership had remained roughly constant over the 3 years with a slight decrease this year. The club also earned income from sales at local fleamarkets each year. However, there had been
  significant revenue from sales of donated equipment in 2009 and 2010 that met or
  exceeded the revenue from membership those years and no such revenue in 2011. The
  major change in expenditures was an increase in the cost of RAC insurance that
  tripled from 2010 to 2011. The club expenditure on the annual VHF Expedition was
  cut in half for 2011.<br><br>The deferred motion from the previous meeting was
  reintroduced to be voted on:
<br>Moved By Bert (VE2ZAZ), seconded by Stan (VA3SMM)
  that the membership dues be increased from $20 (per year) to
  $25 (per year).<br>Carried.<br>[Web master's Note: It is assumed, subject to change at the November meeting, that the dues amount is the per year amount. It is further assumed that the dues change is effective immediately.]
</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>New Business:</strong>
  <br>None<br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>General Reports:</strong> <br><br>
  <strong>Beacons</strong><br>The 2m,
  1.25m and 70cm beacons have continued to operate without interruption for
  several months.<br>
  <strong><br>
  Expedition for June VHF QSO Party</strong><br>We continue to wait
  for scores to be published.<br><br>
  <strong>Members' news</strong><br>Geoff (VE3KID) has built a
  home brew Hex beam for 20m through 10m using the K4KIO (G3TXQ) design.
  See <a href="http://leoshoemaker.com/hexbeambyk4kio/broadhexoverall.html">http://leoshoemaker.com/hexbeambyk4kio/broadhexoverall.html</a><br>Dean
  (VE3CDD)described the microwave transverter kits supprted by VK9NA that were
  developed and are sold by one of the VK9NA members, Graham VK3XKD. Information
  is on VK3XKD's website. See <a href="http://www.vk3xdk.net46.net/">http://www.vk3xdk.net46.net/</a>.<br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Presentation:</strong>
  <br>
  Due to the length of the discussion on the Ottawa Antenna Policy, Glenn
  VE3XRA gave an abbreviated version of his presentation on 10GHz and 24GHz
  operations during and between the ARRL 10GHz and above contest 20-21 August and
  17-18 September.The presentation included video of several 10GHz QSOs and the single successful 24GHz QSO. 10GHz QSOs were completed over distances of 200-600km with the longest made using rain scatter.<br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Adjournment:</strong> <br>The President Al
  Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be
  adjourned. The meeting was closed at 22:00 hours. <br><br>
</p>
