---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on October 6, 2015
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


 <TABLE>
  
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
  </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Randy Nordlund</TD>
    <TD>VA3AX</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


<TR>
    <TD>Dean Denter</TD>
    <TD>VA3CDD</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Duane Avery</TD>
    <TD>VA3ODD</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    </TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Bertrand Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25wl</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>



     <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

     <TR>
    <TD>Graham Collins</TD>
    <TD>VE3GTC</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25ig</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
      <TD>Wayne Getchel</TD>
      <TD>VE3CZO</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD></TR>



     <TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>
    <TR>
    <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


<TR>
    <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


   <TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
     <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  
</TABLE>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The
meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed two visitors: Duane Avery (VA3ODD) and Graham Collins (VE3GTC).</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the September meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be approved ; seconded by  Doug Leach (VE3XK).<br>
  Carried.
  <br>
</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current bank balance  was $483 and as of the August meeting the club had 22 paid up members.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Vice President's Report<br>
  </strong>The Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that the club had earned $180 from sales of surplus hardline at the Ottawa Hamfest. He also reported that speakers for the next six months have been arranged. At the November meeting Dave Conn (VE3KL) will outline challenges of designing antennas for events like Field Day. The December meeting will include the club's Annual General Meeting (including elections of President, Secretary and Director for two year terms) and a Christmas party.<br>
<p>
<!--President--><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>
Nil. </p>
<!--PresidentEnd-->
<br>

<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Nil.<p><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>
Nil.</p><br>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach that the beacons continued to operate well despite a short interruption when a reset was required after a surge. A surge suppressor has been installed.</p>
<p><strong>D-Star</strong><br>
Nil. </p>
<p><strong>Broadband Hamnet <br>
</strong>Clayton Smith reported that the topology has not changed in the last month. Have been doing some more experiments along various paths to locations in Kanata. </p>
<p><strong>Possible Future Projects</strong><br>
Graham Collins passed around a QRP Labs Ultimate3S QRSS/WSPR kit, a possible future project being considered by club members. More information on the kit can be found at <a href="http://www.qrp-labs.com/ultimate3.html">http://www.qrp-labs.com/ultimate3.html</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Presentation<br>
  </strong>Rich Ferch delivered a presentation on the DXLab Suite. His presentation has been posted on the club website.<br>
</p>
<p><br>



 <STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The  President stated that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:38 hours.
