---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on May 3, 2011
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held at Davtech, 133 Walgreen Road, near Carp Road and Hwy 417, a temporary meeting place used while the regular meeting place in the Kanata Room in Sobey's remains unavailable. 
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR>
<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
<TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Barney 
      Baker</TD>
    <TD>VA3BGB</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Arthur 
      Smith</TD>
    <TD>VA3BIT</TD>
    <TD>Guest</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Bernie 
      Madore</TD>
    <TD>VA3BMZ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15vz</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Ken 
      Asmus</TD>
    <TD>VA3KA</TD>
    <TD>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Greg 
      Speakman</TD>
    <TD>VA3OMP</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Peter 
      Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Stan 
      Madore</TD>
    <TD>VA3SMM</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15vz</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Brian 
      Crook</TD>
    <TD>VE3CRG</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>David 
      Frank</TD>
    <TD>VE3DMU</TD>
    <TD>Guest</TD>
    <TD>FN25cg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Geoff 
      Johnson</TD>
    <TD>VE3KID</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25cg</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Doug 
      Griffith</TD>
    <TD>VE3KKB</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15xc</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Clare 
      Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Andy 
      Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>VicePresident</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Doug 
      Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Glenn 
      MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
    <TD>FN15dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Al 
      Penney</TD>
    <TD>VO1NO</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN24cw</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<BR><BR><STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>The 
meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.  He thanked 
DAVTECH for again providing a meeting room.<BR><BR>
<BR><!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> 
<BR>Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting. 
<BR>Moved by VE3XRA-Glenn MacDonell that the previous minutes as published on the web pages 
be approved. Seconded by VE3CRG-Brian Crook. <BR><BR>Motion approved. 
<BR><BR><BR><!--SecretaryEnd-->
<!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) reported that 
the financial situation remained as described at the previous meeting. 
<BR><BR><!--TreasurerEnd--><BR><!--VicePresident--><STRONG>
Vice President's Report</STRONG> <BR>Vice President Andy Harty(VE3NVK) invited members 
to identify possible speakers for future meetings (July and August).<BR><BR><BR><!--VicePresidentEnd-->
<STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG> <BR>The club will have a table at the Smith's Falls Flea 
Market organized by the Rideau Lakes Amateur Radio Club on 14 
May.<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>New Business:</STRONG> <BR><BR><BR><STRONG>
General Reports:</STRONG> <BR><BR>
Doug, VE3XK, reported that the beacons continued to function normally.<BR><BR>
Ken, VA3KA, reported on continuing D-Star activity.<BR><BR>
Al, VO1NO, reminded members of the upcoming Grid Expedition to a site overlooking 
Lake Ontario near Grafton Ontario, for the ARRL VHF QSO Party 11-12 June. Last year 
the club came second in Canada, after being first the previous year, in part because 
of a shortage of operators. He invited members to participate in the event or come down to 
operate for part of the time that weekend. He will give a full presentation on 
plans for the event at the next meeting.<BR><BR>
Glenn, VE3XRA, agreed to put together a group purchase for members interested in the high power WiFi USB 
adapter of the type to be used at the Grid Expedition. He will place a notice of this opportunity in the 
wcclist so members who couldn't attend the meeting can take advantage of this opportunity.<BR><BR><BR>

<STRONG>Presentation(s)/Activity:</STRONG> <BR>Bert, VE2ZAZ, gave us a very 
interesting presentation entitled "Oscillator Frequency Performance Measurements". 
A copy of his slide show is posted on the this website. Those attending the meeting found it so 
interesting that the meeting carried on well past its usual ending time.<BR><BR><BR>
<STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there 
being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. The meeting was closed at 22:10 hours.
