---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 15th, 2020 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Brian Jeffrey          | VE3UU      | Member           | FN15    | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   |     |
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Member           | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Member           | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Jeremy (VA3ZTF) at 19:14.
No visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the May 2020 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Robert (VE3BE). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 24 paid up members for 2020 and a bank balance of $1533.80. There is also $2,000 which is split up into 2 term deposits. One will mature on October 20th. The other one has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021.

### Vice President's Report

Jeremy reminded the members that the President's position was still unoccupied. He expressed the importance of having a complete board of officers, as required by our non-for-profit status and by our constitution. In order to facilitate the election of the missing officer, he once again offered to move to the President's position, if necessary, to free up the Vice President position. However, if no President is elected at this meeting (election to be held later in the meeting), then there would be no more Club meetings until the matter is resolved.

### Director's Report

Nothing to report.

### President's Report

None. The President's position is open.

### Speaker

Rich Ferch (VE3KI): the FT8 digital mode, its history and its future.

### Old Business

- Asset identification: Robert (VE3BE) applied Club ID stickers on all Club assets located in the Boltwood observatory. *Item closed.*
- Member survey: Jeremy prepared and published a survey, with the intent of collecting feedback from the members on the Club's activities. He received feedback from around 50% of the members. He then published the major feedback trends to all members via email. *Item closed.*
- Asset relocation: The longer term plan is to move all Club assets in storage to the Diefenbunker. *Item open.*
- September VHF Contest: Clayton to check with Ray Burrell for his availability in the event that the Club participates in the ARRL September VHF contest. *Item open.*

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

From Jeremy (VA3ZTF): The 6m, 2m, 1.25m and 70cm beacons are all off the air. The beacon enclosure was removed from the Boltwood observatory, and the transmitters are being looked at by Nick Shepherd (VE3OWV). The problem on the UHF transmitter appears to have been located, and will be fixed. The plan is to have the beacons located at the Diefenbunker, once the new tower is erected.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Nothing to report.

#### D-STAR

There is a consensus among the member that reporting on D-STAR activity should no longer be part of the WCARC meetings. Thus, it will be dropped at the next meeting.

### New Business

Zoom Video-Conferencing License: Jeremy (VA3ZTF) will be looking at purchasing a license to allow to run the Club meetings on the Zoom platform in an uninterrupted way. The current free license forces all attendants out every 40 minutes. He will look at the various licensing options and report back on his actions. Laurence (VA3IQ) also suggests that we carry on with broadcasting the Club meetings even after we resume the face-to-face meetings later this year, as many members are at a high health risk if infected by the coronavirus. *Item open.*

### Election of President

Charles MacDonald (VA3CPY) has stepped forward to occupy the President's position. As he is the only candidate, he is elected by acclamation as the Club's 2020/2021 President.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

Lawrence (VA3IQ) and Jeremy (VA3ZTF) mentioned that some of the ARRL Field Day rules have changed for 2020, in the context of the pandemic. One possibility is to use the VE3WCC Club callsign to work as one multi-location entry, with individuals operating from their home QTH.

### Adjournment

The Vice President observed that there being no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 20:40.
