---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on January 16, 2017
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Director         | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25    | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Vice President   | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Graham Ide             | VE3BYT     | Member           | FN25ch  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bob Harrington         | VE3YYG     | Visitor          | FN25bh  | Yes |       |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25    | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Chris Bisaillion       | VE3CBK     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Richard Ferch          | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25ce  | Yes | Yes   |
| Margaret Tidman        | VA3VXN     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Tyler Tidman           | VA3DGN     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| John Vandermey         | VA3RLC     | Visitor          | FN15    | Yes |       |
| Brian Jeffrey          | VE3UU      | Member           | FN15    | Yes | Yes   |
| Paul Boltwood          | VE3PLE     | Member           | FN25bg  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:00 hours.
2 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

The President, (VE3IRR), introduced the minutes of the December meeting.
Moved by the President (VE3IRR) that the minutes be approved; Seconded by Robert (VE3BE).
The Motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

$820 in the bank.
15 paid up members.

### Vice President's Report

Next month will be project night.
We have speakers all set up to the end of the year.
The speaker in March will be Jeremy Jones (VA3ZTF). He will speak about his 2.4 and 5 GHz Wi-Fi network experience in Iraq.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Next month will be the start of the club project.
Members were asked to vote on what project they were interested in.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

VHF & UHF beacons are working with no issues.
The 2m WSPR beacon is running.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

People are still trying to connect to the mesh.
Jeremy (VA3ZTF) mentioned that there is the possibility to add a node at the Diefenbunker.
Graham asked what type of traffic was presently seen on the mesh. Also if there was a way to put the present users on a map.

### New Business

Doug (VE3XK) is suggesting that we reserve the Corkery Community Center for the June Contest.
Moved by Doug (VE3XK) to pay for the reservation.  Seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ).
Motion was carried.

Graham (VE3BYT) is offering the club his Cushcraft A50-6 6m yagi for $195.
Move by Doug (VE3XK) to buy the antenna. Seconded by Rich (VE3KI).
Motion was carried.

### Announcements

Glenn (VE3XRA) mentioned that the OARC have offered to multicouple the WCARC digipeater on their tower.
Moved by Clayton (VE3IRR) that we donate the digipeater and related equipment to OARC.
Seconded by Glenn (VE3XRA). Motion was carried.

Glenn (VE3XRA) has suggested that we start discussions with all of the other local radio clubs into the feasibility of doing one big joint Field Day for 2017. A show of hands was asked to see how many members might be interested. 7 members showed interest.

Rick (VE3KI) talked about some of the club rules for the June VHF contest.

Clayton (VE3IRR) verified with the members if someone was interested in the position of club Vice President as Doug is looking to step down. No one showed interest and Doug mentioned that he will continue in the position.

### Speaker

The speaker tonight is Bert VE2ZAZ and the subject is Surface Mount Soldering.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:31pm.
