---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on March 3, 2015
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs meeting room in Sobey's at the corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>



<TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Ying Hum</TD>
    <TD>VA3YH</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Bertrand Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Dave Goodwin</TD>
    <TD>VE3AAQ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>




    <TR>
    <TD>Randy Nordland</TD>
    <TD>VE3AX</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

     <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
      <TD>Rick Bandla</TD>
      <TD>VE3CVG</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25hm</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD></TR>



    <TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>



 <TR>
    <TD>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

 <TR>
      <TD>Dave Harris</TD>
      <TD>VE3KMV</TD>
      <TD>Visitor</TD>
      <TD>FN25</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>NO</TD></TR>



    <TR>
    <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


   <TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
     <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  </TBODY>
</TABLE></DIV>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The
  meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed one visitor, Dave Harris (VE3KMV).<br>
</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the February meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary, that the minutes be approved as posted; seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ).<br>
  Carried.<br>
</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
In the absence of the Treasurer, the Secretary reported that the current bank balance is $715.13. </p>
<p><BR>
<!--TreasurerEnd-->

<p>
<!--President--><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>
Nil. </p>
<!--PresidentEnd-->
<br>
<br>

<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>The attending members continued discussions on preparations for the June VHF Contest.

Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) reported on an email exchange with Bill Burgess (VE3CRU) a rover who has frequently worked VE3WCC in contests and visited the FN04 location when WCARC used it for previous June contests. Bill provided suggestions on frequency selection and capability requirements to attract rovers close enough to work our new location. <br>
Members also considered adding additional capabilities for the June contest. Several indicated they would be willing to purchases small laser communication systems from Ramsey and Bert VE2ZAZ gave notice that at the April meeting he would move that the club purchase a pair of these units. <br>
<p><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
Nil.</p>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that there had been no changes since the last meeting.</p>
<p><strong>Broadband Hamnet</strong><br>
Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) and Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) reported further developments in the growing Broadband Hamnet in our area.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Presentation</strong> <br>
Paul Boltwood (VE3PLE) gave the attendees a presentation entitled WSPR with FlexRadio 1500. To view the presentation click <a href="../presentations.html">here</a>.<br>
</p>

<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at
2124 hrs.
