---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 17, 2019 - DRAFT
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Chris Rochefort        | VE2MW      | Member           | FN25ck  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Visitor          | FN25    | Yes |       |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Richard Ferch          | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25ce  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes | Yes   |
| Georges-Andr√© Chaudron | VE2VAB     | Member           | FN25dl  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25dh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes | Yes   |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Harrie Jones           | VE3HYS     | Visitor          | FN25    | Yes |       |
| Chris Bisaillion       | VE3CBK     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 19:03 hours.
2 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the May meeting as posted on the WCARC website.
Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be adopted as posted.
Seconded by Chris (VE3CBK). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 25 paid up members for 2019 and a bank balance of $1817.

### Vice President's Report

The Vice-President Jeremy (VA3ZTF) reported on the issue with booking of the March Rd Sobey's. The store has been sold to its parent company, and as a result the meeting room will no longer be free of charge. We now have to look at other options. Suggestions can be sent by email to Jeremy.

The speaker for July will be Jeremy with a presentation on how to connect your radio to your computer for digital modes.

### Director's Report

Absent.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Speaker

Clayton (VE3IRR) presented a recap of the June VHF contest.

### Old Business

Jeremy (VA3ZTF) gave an update on the Powerline Noise Finder (MFJ-852) and the Ultrasonic Receiver (MFJ-5008) that were approved for purchase at the previous meeting.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) suspects a bad coax or connection on the 6m beacon. The mast will have to be taken down to confirm.
Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that the WSPR beacon is working fine.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that we should be getting a new user on the network.
Also some WRT access points might become available for hams to use.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed a multiband antenna he won at the Rochester Hamfest.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) mentioned that RAC is looking for someone to help with scholarships.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:44.
