---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on January 04, 2011
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held at Mobile Knowledge 308 Legatt Drive in Kanata.<BR>
<BR>The following people were present:<BR>
<BR><DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative"><TABLE>  <TBODY>  <TR>    <TH>Name</TH>    <TH>Call       Sign</TH>    <TH>Position</TH>    <TH>MH       Grid</TH>    <TH>RAC</TH>    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Ray       Burrell</TD>    <TD>-</TD>    <TD>Guest</TD>    
<TD>None</TD>    <TD>NO</TD>    <TD>YES</TR>  <TR>    <TD>Ken       Asmus</TD>    <TD>VA3KA</TD>    <TD>Treasurer</TD>    <TD>FN15wg</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Peter       Jago</TD>    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>    <TD>Member</TD>    <TD>FN25ag</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Harold       Hamilton</TD>    <TD>VA3UNK</TD>    <TD>Member</TD>    <TD>FN25dj</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Bert       Zauhar</TD>    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>    <TD>Member</TD>    <TD>FN25bk</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Graham       Ide</TD>    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>    <TD>Member</TD>    <TD>FN25ch</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>David       Frank</TD>    <TD>VE3DMU</TD>    <TD>Member</TD>    <TD>FN25</TD>    <TD>NO</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Jeff       Milne</TD>    <TD>VE3EFF</TD>    <TD>Guest</TD>    <TD>FN25ag</TD>    <TD>NO</TD>    <TD>NO</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Geoff       Johnson</TD>    <TD>VE3KID</TD>    <TD>Guest</TD>    <TD>FN25cg</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>NO</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Clare       Fowler</TD>    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>    <TD>Member</TD>    <TD>FN25</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Andy       Hart</TD>    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>    <TD>Director</TD>    <TD>FN25bh</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Doug       Leach</TD>    <TD>VE3XK</TD>    <TD>VicePresident</TD>    <TD>FN15wg</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Glenn       MacDonell</TD>    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>    <TD>Secretary</TD>    <TD>FN15dj</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  <TR>    <TD>Al       Penney</TD>    <TD>VO1NO</TD>    <TD>President</TD>    <TD>FN24cw</TD>    <TD>YES</TD>    <TD>YES</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></DIV><BR>
<BR><STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. <BR>The President thanked Jeff Milne VE3EFF (guest) for arranging a meeting room at their company, Mobile Knowledge. As mentioned earlier, the regular club meeting place will not be available for the first quarter of 2011. The President also welcomed Geoff Johnson VE3KID as a guest to the meeting.<BR><BR>
<!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting. Moved by VE3XRA-Glenn MacDonell that the previous minutes as published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by VA3KA-Ken Asmus. <BR>Motion approved. <BR><BR><BR><!--SecretaryEnd-->
<!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) reported that the club had 17 paid up members for 2011 and about $660.00 on hand.<BR><BR><BR><!--TreasurerEnd-->
<!--VicePresident--><STRONG>Vice President's Report</STRONG> 
<BR>The Vice President, Andy VE3NVK, invited members to give him suggestions for speakers for upcoming meetings. Meeting locations until the Sobey's room is again available will likely change for each meeting. Members should look at the website or the email list (wcclist).<BR><BR>
<BR><!--VicePresidentEnd-->
<STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG> <BR>None<BR><BR>
<BR><STRONG>New Business:</STRONG> <BR>
<BR><STRONG>Liability Insurance</STRONG><BR>The Treasurer outlined the process and cost of renewing the club's liability insurance that is organized through Radio Amateurs of Canada. There have been several changes as a result of the new insurance company providing insurance. More details are available on the  <a href="http://www.rac.ca/en/rac/services/insurance">RAC website</a>. 
<BR><BR>Peter VE3PJ moved, seconded by Andy VE3NVK that the club authorize the executive to pay up to $300 for continuing liability insurance through RAC. <BR>Motion approved.<BR><BR>
<BR><STRONG>General Reports:</STRONG> <BR>
<BR><STRONG>Beacons</STRONG>
<BR>Doug VE3XK reprted that there were no developments concerning the beacons in December.<BR>
<BR><STRONG>D-STAR</STRONG>
<BR>Ken VE3KA reported that there had been a flurry of D-STAR activity over the previous month that included a new repeater VE3ARE in Almont. He also noted the continuing expansion of the network of hotspots, now including one installed by Dale VE3XZT and another by himself (at 145.610MHz) and the upcoming installation of a hotspot in the Kanata area, likely in Stittsville. As a result of this ongoing expansion, D-STAR is now available from Rockland to Perth. In response to a question he noted that frequency coordination, particularly of the relatively short range hot spots, remains an ongoing issue.<BR>
<BR><STRONG>Grid Expedition</STRONG>
<BR>The President reminded members that the club was planning another expedition to FN04xa for the ARRL June VHF QSO Party that takes place from 1800 UTC Saturday 12 June 2011 and ends at 0300UTC Monday. AS in the past few years some members will travel to the site Friday to begin setup. Operations begin at 1400EDT Saturday and will end at 2300EDT Sunday with tear down and return home on Monday. After having the highest score in Canada in 2009, we fell to second in 2010 and will aim to regain the top spot this year. A shortage of operators was a factor last year (along with poorer propagation at our site). The President invited all members interested in participating, to contact him. It is also possible for those who cannot participate for the entire period to join us for a part of it.<BR><BR>
<BR><STRONG>Presentation(s)/Activity:</STRONG> 
<BR>Bert Zauhar VE2ZAZ gave us a talk entitled "My Itinerary to L Band Moon Bouncing..." that recounted his adventures in putting together a 1296MHz EME system using a TVRO parabolic dish antenna. He also outlined his early (and already impressive) EME QSOs. His presentation is available under the Presentations Tab on this website.<BR><BR>
<BR><STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> 
<BR>The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. The meeting was closed at 22:30 hours.
