---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on May 01, 2012
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was
held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
<TABLE

cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=6 valign='center"' halign="center">
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH
>Name</TH>
    <TH
>Call
      Sign</TH>
    <TH
>Position</TH>
    <TH
>MH
      Grid</TH>
    <TH
>RAC</TH>
    <TH
>WCARC</TH></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Dean
      Denter</TD>
    <TD
>VA3CDD</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN15wl</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Ken
      Asmus</TD>
    <TD
>VA3KA</TD>
    <TD
>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD
>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Kieran
      Shepherd</TD>
    <TD
>VA3KS</TD>
    <TD
>Guest</TD>
    <TD
>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Peter
      Jago</TD>
    <TD
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Stan
      Madore</TD>
    <TD
>VA3SMM</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN15vz</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Ying
      Hum</TD>
    <TD
>VA3YH</TD>
    <TD
>Guest</TD>
    <TD
>FN25dk</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Bert
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD
>Director</TD>
    <TD
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Graham
      Ide</TD>
    <TD
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Rick
      Bandla</TD>
    <TD
>VE3CVG</TD>
    <TD
>Webmaster</TD>
    <TD
>FN25hm</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Tom
      Bartello</TD>
    <TD
>VE3ELM</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Clare
      Fowler</TD>
    <TD
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Andy
      Hart</TD>
    <TD
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD
>VicePresident</TD>
    <TD
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Doug
      Leach</TD>
    <TD
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Glenn
      MacDonell</TD>
    <TD
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD
>Secretary</TD>
    <TD
>FN15dj</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
>
    <TD
>Al
      Penney</TD>
    <TD
>VO1NO</TD>
    <TD
>President</TD>
    <TD
>FN24cw</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<p><BR>
  <BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The
  meeting was opened by President Al Penney (VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. <BR>The
  President welcomed one guest, Ying Hum (VA3YH).
<BR><BR><BR><!Secretary><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  Secretary Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting, that had been posted on the club website before the meeting. Moved by
  the Secretary that the previous minutes as published on the web pages
  be approved. Seconded by Ken Asmus (VA3KA). <BR>Motion approved.
  <BR><BR><BR><!SecretaryEnd><!Treasurer><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  Treasurer Ken Asmus (VA3KA) reported that the club had 19
  paid up members and $783.00 on hand. The major outstanding expense is insurance obtained through Radio Amateurs of Canada. This expense, of about $280
must be paid in the late fal,l so the club has about $500 for activities over the balance of the year.
<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>VicePresident's Report</STRONG> <BR>
  Vice President Andy Hart (VE3NVK) will be away for the June and
  July meetings and asked members to contact the executive with suggestions for a
  speaker for the August meeting. The July meeting will include a report on the
  Grid Expedition. Other Executive members will have to attend to booking rooms
  for the July and August meetings.
<BR><BR><BR><!VicePresidentEnd><STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG>
<BR><BR><STRONG>WCARC Website</STRONG><BR>
  Webmaster Rick (VE3CVG) reminded members
  that at present he maintained identical information on 2 different websites: http://www.wc-arc.org the
  site which had been set up while trying to recover the original club URL, and the
  long standing url, http://wcarc.on.ca/. The original url had been recovered thanks
to the efforts of Jeff Dale (VA3ISP). Jeff very kindly hosts our website at no charge (except the annual domain name fee). Cancelling the
http://www.wc-arc.org domain name would
  save the club webhosting fees and save the webmaster considerable work. Members
  supported the cancellation of http://www.wc-arc.org. It will take effect on 14 May.
<BR><BR><STRONG>New Business:</STRONG> <BR>None<BR><BR>
  <STRONG>General Reports:</STRONG>
  <BR><BR>
  <strong>Grid Expedition</strong>
<BR>President Al (VO1NO) reported on preparations for
  the expedition to FN04xa near Grafton Ontario for the ARRL VHF QSO Party June
  9-10. The location has been secured and arrangements are in place for equipment,
  meals and accomodation. Most participants will bring their own tents or campers
  and a small motel is not far away. While several operators have committed, we can
  use more, especially experienced CW contesters. AL will describe the expedition
  at the June meeting.<BR><BR>
  <strong>WCARC QSL Cards</strong><BR>Ken (VA3KA) reported that the
  supply of QSL card is quite low and not sufficient to respond to cards received.
  He will investigate options for obtaining new cards.<BR><BR>
  <strong>Smiths Falls Flea Market</strong><BR>WCARC will have a table to sell surplus club equipment and can be used
  by club members but they must claim anything they bring that is not
  sold.<BR><BR>
  <strong>Beacons</strong><BR>Doug (VE3XK) reported that the beacons are operating
  nominally - now set up in their summer mode (maximum ventilation).
<BR><BR><strong>Ottawa Antenna Policy</strong><BR>Glenn (VE3XRA) reported that following the City Council
  meeting that approved the new Municipal Concurrence and Public Consultation
  process and agreed that the previous by law be removed, a hearing of the Ontario
  Municipal Board was held to deal with the complaint Ray Perrin (VE3FN) had
  lodged against the by-law. The decision from that hearing was released only a
  few days before the WCARC meeting, granting the appeal and striking down the
  by-law.
<BR><BR><strong>Inexpensive SDR</strong><BR>Bert (VE2ZAZ) described a computer USB dongle designed as a
  satellite TV broadcast receiver for Europe that can be used with free
  SDR Windows software to provide an SDR receiver functioning from 64MHz to
  1.7GHz. He ordered the $20 dongle, and will see how difficult it is to produce a
  working SDR system and offered to give a short report at the June
meeting.
<BR><BR><strong>Deputy Director Ontario North East for Radio Amateurs of Canada</strong>
<BR>President Al Penny noted that our Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) had agreed to serve as Deputy Director for Ontario North East, on the executive of Radio Amateurs of Canada (RAC).
Glenn will support the Director, Bill Unger, who lives in Thunder Bay, to bring the interests and concerns of radio amateurs in our part of the region, to the attention of RAC.
<BR><BR><STRONG>Presentation(s)/Activity:</STRONG> <BR>Bert
  Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) gave us a presentation about "Hamming on 24GHz" that showed how he had
  modified the front ends from surplus speed radar units to produce transceivers
  and demonstrated their use to members at the meeting. A link to his presentation is posted
  on the club website.

<BR><BR><STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>The President, Al
Penney (VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be
adjourned. The meeting was closed at 21:50 hours.
