---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 7, 2011
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held at Sobey's 840 March Rd., a temporary meeting place used while the regular meeting place in the Kanata Room in Sobey's remains unavailable. 
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>
<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">

<TABLE>

  <TBODY>

  <TR>

    <TH>Name</TH>

    <TH>Call 

      Sign</TH>

    <TH>Position</TH>

    <TH>MH 

      Grid</TH>

    <TH>RAC</TH>

    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Barney 

      Baker</TD>

    <TD>VA3BGB</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25ai</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Tyler 

      Tidman</TD>

    <TD>VA3DGN</TD>

    <TD>Guest</TD>

    <TD>FN25ai</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>NO</TD></TR>

  
  <TR 

>

    <TD>Ken 

      Asmus</TD>

    <TD>VA3KA</TD>

    <TD>Treasurer</TD>

    <TD>FN15wg</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  
  <TR 

>

    <TD>Peter 

      Jago</TD>

    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25ag</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Harold 

      Hamilton</TD>

    <TD>VA3UNC</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Margaret 

      Tidman</TD>

    <TD>VA3VXN</TD>

    <TD>Guest</TD>

    <TD>FN25ai</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>NO</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Bert 

      Zauhar</TD>

    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>

    <TD>Director</TD>

    <TD>FN25bk</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  
  <TR 

>

    <TD>Graham 

      Ide</TD>

    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25ch</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

 <TR 

>

    <TD>Don 

      Greene</TD>

    <TD>VE3IGN</TD>

    <TD>Guest</TD>

    <TD>FN25di</TD>

    <TD> ? </TD>

    <TD> ? </TD></TR>

 <TR 

>

    <TD>Geoff 

      Johnson</TD>

    <TD>VE3KID</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25cg</TD>

    <TD>NO</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  
  <TR 

>

    <TD>Clare 

      Fowler</TD>

    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25dj</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Andy 

      Hart</TD>

    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>

    <TD>VicePresident</TD>

    <TD>FN25bh</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Doug 

      Leach</TD>

    <TD>VE3XK</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25bf</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Glenn 

      MacDonell</TD>

    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>

    <TD>Secretary</TD>

    <TD>FN15dj</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 

>

    <TD>Al 

      Penney</TD>

    <TD>VO1NO</TD>

    <TD>President</TD>

    <TD>FN24cw</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<BR><BR><STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>The 

meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.  He thanked 

Barney, VA3BGB, for securing the meeting room in the newly opened Sobey's store on March Road.<BR><BR>
<BR><!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> 
<BR>Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting. 

<BR>Moved by VE3XRA-Glenn MacDonell that the previous minutes as published on the web pages 

be approved. Seconded by VE3BYT-Graham Ide. <BR>Motion approved. 

<BR><BR><BR><!--SecretaryEnd-->

<!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) reported that 

the current bank balance was $499.55 and that the club had 25 regular and 3 life members at present. 

<BR><BR><!--TreasurerEnd-->

<BR><STRONG>New Business:</STRONG> <BR><BR><BR><STRONG>


General Reports:</STRONG> <BR><BR>

<STRONG>Beacons</STRONG><BR>
Doug, VE3XK, reported that the beacons continued to function normally.  The 6m beacon has been heard across North America as well as Spain and the Azores.<BR>
The 903MHz beacon is being remediated and is currently operating from the location of VE3CVG - Rick Bandla.<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>D-Star</STRONG><BR>
Ken, VA3KA, reported on the ongoing expansion of the D-Star network in the Ottawa area with new hotspots being added in Kemptville and Perth. 
He also noted the success of amateur radio operators in Almonte securing financial support, to install a D-STAR repeater and observed that D-STAR was being used in 
the develpment of ARES (Amateur Radio Emergency Service) in that area. <BR><BR>

<STRONG>Grid Expedition</STRONG><BR>
Al, VO1NO, noted that he would outline the status of preparations for the upcoming Grid Expedition later in the meeting as part of his overall presentation on the activity.<BR>
Glenn, VE3XRA, moved that the club provide $100 to defray expenses of the upcoming expedition, seconded by Al, VO1NO. In the discussion it was noted that the contribution would cover common expenses such
as gasoline for generators and that the participants would be covering their travel and food during the event. In past years the club had provided $200
but in light of the weaker financial situation this year $100 would be more appropriate. <BR> The motion carried.
<BR><BR>
<STRONG>24GHz Project</STRONG><BR>
Several members who had looked at the radar speed measuring devices recently provided to the club reported that it would not be possible to produce a 24GHz transceiver 
in time for the Grid Expedition this year.<BR><BR>

<STRONG>WiFi Adapters</STRONG><BR>
Glenn, VE3XRA, reported that the group purchase of high power WiFi USB adapters was completed and the devices would be used on the expedition.
Communications at 2.4GHz would be made using the adapters and helical antennas loaned by Clare VE3NPC. Tests confirmed communications between computers
using WiPeer for Windows (text mesaging) as well as iChat for Macs (voice and video).<BR><BR><BR>


<STRONG>Presentation(s)/Activity:</STRONG> 
Al VO1NO described plans for the upcoming expedition to FN04xa for the ARRL June VHF contest.<BR><BR><BR>

<STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there 

being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. The meeting was closed at 21:38 hours.
