---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 21, 2017
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice President | FN25bf  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Richard Ferch    | VE3KI     | Member         | FN25ce  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Clare Fowler     | VE3NPC    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Remi De Cristofaro | VA3DRI  | Visitor        | FN25bh  | Yes |       |
| Chris Bisaillion | VE3CBK    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Brian Jeffrey    | VE3UU     | Member         | FN15wi  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Treasurer      | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Wayne Getchell   | VE3CZO    | Member         | FN25    | Yes |  Yes  |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:00 hours.
One visitor was in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) introduced the minutes of the June meeting as posted.
Moved by Clayton (VE3IRR) that the minutes as posted be approved; Seconded by Robert (VE3BE).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

We have 22 paid up members and $494 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

The September 18 presenter will be Tyler (VA3DGN) and the subject will be "An Introduction to Git, GitHub and GitLab".
October will be Dave Conn and the subject will be off-center fed antennas.
Brian (VE3UU) will be the November speaker.
The club has a table at the Carp Hamfest.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

No issues with the club beacons. The 2m WSPR beacon is still up and running.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

No new activity on the mesh.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements

* Glenn (VE3XRA) mentioned that Industry Canada has just released a consultation document to implement the changes from World Radio Conference 2015 (WRC-15) including 60 meters.
* Glenn also mentioned the upcoming 10GHz and above contest weekends and the Carp Hamfest.
* Doug (VE3XK) mentioned that someone will be checking QSL cards at the Hamfest.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) talked about an HF converter for RTL dongles and an LCD microscope.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) and Peter (VA3PJ) talked about a new 5.7GHz transmitter and receiver.

### Speaker

The speaker tonight is Wayne (VE3CZO) and the subject is "A Bit about Batteries."

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 21:16.
