---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 15, 2019
---

The meeting was held at the the Stittsville branch of the Ottawa Public Library.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Visitor          | FN25    | Yes |       |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Richard Ferch          | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25ce  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes | Yes   |
| Georges-Andr√© Chaudron | VE2VAB     | Member           | FN25dl  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Darren Hodder          | VE3HOD     | Visitor          |         |     |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 18:05.
2 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) mentioned that the minutes were not received in time to post to the website so they will be reviewed at the next meeting.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 27 paid up members for 2019 and a bank balance of $966.51.
There is also $2000 which is split up into two term deposits which will be maturing in 2020.

### Vice President's Report

Jeremy (VA3ZTF) reported that he contacted multiple meeting spaces and is still waiting for information on what is available.

### Director's Report

Absent.

### President's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) mentioned that a piece of equipment was missing after the June contest and asked if any of the members had seen it. He also mentioned that the executive has been discussing about the unforeseen events that are costing the club more money than what the dues are covering. A preliminary budget will be presented to the members for 2020.

### Speaker

Jeremy (VA3ZTF) presented "[Interconnecting Radios and Computers for Digital Modes](../presentations/va3ztf_connecting_radios_and_computers.pdf)."

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Clayton (VE3IRR) mentioned that the project to put a node at Camp Fortune is still ongoing.

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) gave a [presentation](../presentations/ve3xk_beacon_antennas.pdf) on a project he is proposing to replace the beacon antennas after having issues with the 6m antenna.
The members followed with a discussion on what should be done.
Clayton (VE3IRR) made a proposal that the antennas be replaced. It will be voted at the next meeting.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Bert (VE2ZAZ) asked if there was any new information about the France proposal to use part of the 2m band. Rich (VE3KI) reported that there are no new updates.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:20.
