---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on September 2, 2014
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the regular upstairs meeting room in Sobey's at the corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH 
>Name</TH>
    <TH 
>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH 
>Position</TH>
    <TH 
>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH 
>RAC</TH>
    <TH 
>WCARC</TH></TR>
  

   
<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   

     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Ying Hum</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3YH</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25db</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>  
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Bertrand Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
 
       
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
> Randy Nordland</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3AX</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>

 
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Barry Crampton</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3BSB</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN14uv</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
    
    
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
 
   
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
   
       
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
> Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>


    
<TR 
>
      <TD 
>Paul Boltwood</TD>
      <TD 
>VE3PLE</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN25bj</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>  
    
 
 
   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Vice President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
      
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD 
>Secretary</TD>
     <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
          
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Aaron Farnham</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3YZY</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
     <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
  
  <TR 
>
    
      
</TBODY></TABLE></DIV>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The 
  meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed two visitors: Aaron Farnham</span> (VE3YZY) and Barry Crampton (VE3BSB).</p>
<p><BR>
  <!Secretary><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the August meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be approved and posted; seconded by Peter Jago (VE3PJ).<br>
Carried.<br>
</p>
<p><BR>
  <!SecretaryEnd>
  <!Treasurer><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
In the absence of the Treasurer the President advised members that the club's financial situation was unchanged from the last meeting.</p>
<p><br>
  <STRONG>Vice President's Report:</STRONG><br>
  The Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK), reported that speakers have been arranged for all meetings in 2014. Wayne Getchell (VE3CZO) will do a presentation on a Panadapter for receivers with a 70MHz IF at the October meeting.</p>
<p><br>
<strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that he and Wayne Getchell had fixed the earlier problem and were  rebuilding the repeaters.<br>
Randy Nordlund reported that the VE2FUT beacons at 222 MHzand 432 MHz were now back on the air.
</p>
<p><strong>D-Star</strong><br>
  Ying Hum (VA3YH) reported that eveything in the Ottawa D-STAR system was functioning well. </p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Presentation</strong> <br>
  Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) gave a talk on Mesh Networking and Broadband Hamnet. His powerpoint presentation can be found on <a href="http://ve2zaz.net/Presentations/Downloads/VE2ZAZ_BBHN_Mesh_presentation.pdf">here</a>.<br>
</p>

<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
The President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 
2105 hrs.
