---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on May 1, 2008
date: 2017-01-30
---
<p> The meeting was held in the Kanata room at Sobey's in Kanata.</p>
    <p> The following members and guests were present:</p>



 

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>Name</th>
  <th>Call Sign</th>
  <th>Position</th>
  <th>MH Grid</th>
  <th>RAC</th>
  <th>WCARC</th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Al Penney</td>
  <td>VO1NO/VE3</td>
  <td>&nbsp;President</td>
  <td>FN24cw</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td>&nbsp;Vice President</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ken Asmus</td>
  <td>VE3KA</td>
  <td>Treasurer</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td>&nbsp;Secretary</td>
  <td>FN25ai</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barrie Crampton</td>
  <td>VE3BSB</td>
  <td>Guest Speaker</td>
  <td>FN14</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dean Denter</td>
  <td>VA3CDD</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15wl</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold Hamilton</td>
  <td>VA3UNK</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>John Christensen</td>
  <td>VE3IAO</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>David Conn</td>
  <td>VE3KL</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>no</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25ch</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Andy Hart</td>
  <td>VE3NVK</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Valentin Doroga</td>
  <td>VA3WO</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25</td>
  <td>?</td>
  <td>?</td>
 </tr>
</table>



<p>Al, VO1NO/VE3, called the meeting to order at 19:30 hrs.</p>



<p>Doug, VE3XK, Vice President had no report. Ken, VE3KA,
Treasurer, had no report. Barney, VA3BGB, Secretary, motioned that the minutes
of the 1 April meeting be accepted as published. Graham VE3BYT seconded the motion
and the motion was passed.</p>



<p><b><u>Beacon Report</u></b></p>



<p>Doug, VE3XK reported on the beacon project providing a
powerpoint briefing and responding to numerous questions. Doug will provide the
powerpoint briefing to Rick, VE3CVG for inclusion on the WCARC website.</p>


<p><b><u>June Expedition 14 to 16<sup>th</sup> June</u></b></p>



<p>Al, VO1NO/VE3 described the plan for this DXpedition near
Grafton. He surveyed those interested. Discussion ensued with 4 members showing
interest and agreeing to hold the 4 grid intersection near Franktown as a
backup location</p>



<p><b><u>Balloon Project</u></b></p>



<p>Graham, VE3BYT provided a brief background on the balloon
project coordinated by Barrie Crampton, VE3BSB.</p>



<p><b><u>D-Star</u></b></p>



<p>Ken, VE3KA mentioned that the generation 2 of the D-Star
operating software had been received and was being implemented.</p>


<p><b><u>Events</u></b></p>



<p>Al, VO1NO/VE3 informed the meeting of a number of contests
and flea markets that will be occurring in the near future.</p>


<p>Al made note that the scheduled meeting date in July would
fall on the Canada day holiday and therefore the July meeting date would be the
second Tuesday of the month, the 8<sup>th</sup> of July for this occasion only.</p>


<p><b><u>New Business</u></b></p>



<p>Al, VE1NO/VE3, received an e-mail requesting the clubs
interest in providing a amateur radio display at the Carp Fair. Discussion by
all present showed that after many attempts using this concept the benefits
were zero. Barrie Crampton, VE3BSB recommended that the appropriate agency
recognize the acquisition of a Amateur radio license as fulfilling the
requirements of the high school volunteer hours as they should be considered to
be a public service.</p>



<p>Barney, VA3BGB questioned what repeater should be considered
the standard for use by club members. Discussion resulted in the selection of
VE2CRA on 433.3Mhz. This would be an interim solution until a project could be
undertaken to relocate the repeater donated by Manfred to the club, to a
location which would serve the appropriate area. It was agreed that this would
be a significant project.</p>


<p><b><u>Constitution</u></b></p>



<p>Al, VE1NO/VE3 deferred this discussion to a later time due
to the late hour and a guest speaker.</p>



<p><b><u>Special Presentation</u></b></p>



<p>Al, VE1NO/VE3 introduced Barrie Crampton, VE3BSB who provide
an in depth briefing on the latest balloon launch, it's problems and it's
overall mission as viewed by the students who are conducting the project.
Barrie requested all members to suggest any ideas which would improve the
project. He also requested any suggestions which would overcome the data gaps
which occurred as well as any improvements in telemetry of additional data.
Ken, VE3KA and Graham, VE3BYT offered to participate in that effort. Graham
will co-ordinate the WCARC involvement.</p>



<p>Thank you Barrie for a very interesting briefing, and
showing how young people can become involved in amateur radio through a fun
project.</p>


<p><b><u>Adjournment</u></b></p>



<p>Dean, VA3CDD motioned that the meeting be adjourned,
motioned passed.</p>



<p>Barney Baker - VA3BGB</p>

<p>Secretary.</p>

</div>
