---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on September 1, 2015
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


 <TABLE>
  
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
  </TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


<TR>
    <TD>Ying Hum</TD>
    <TD>VA3YH</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Bertrand Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>



     <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

     <TR>
    <TD>Rick Bandla</TD>
    <TD>VE3CVG</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25hm</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
      <TD>Wayne Getchel</TD>
      <TD>VE3CZO</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD></TR>



    <TR>
    <TD>Graham Collins</TD>
    <TD>VE3GTC</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25ig</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    </TR>

     <TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD>VA3NVK</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


   <TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
     <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  
</TABLE>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The
meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed one visitor Graham Collins (VE3GTC).</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the July meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be approved, seconded by  Doug Leach (VE3XK).<br>
  Carried.
  <br>
</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK), reported that the current bank balance  was $266 and as of the August meeting the club had 21 paid up members.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Vice President's Report<br>
  </strong>The Vice-President, Doug Leach (VE3XK), reported that he had reserved a table for the Ottawa Hamfest. Bill Brown (VE3MMQ) will have a table next to us. <br>
  Speakers have been confirmed for most of the next year. The speaker for the September meeting will be Rich Ferch (VE3KI) who will discuss the DXLab, a freeware suite of eight interoperating applications that support amateur radio DXing operations.  Later Dave Conn (VE3KL) will discuss the challenges of designing antennas for events like Field Days.<br>
<p>
<!--President--><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>
Nil. </p>
<!--PresidentEnd-->
<br>

<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Nil<p><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>
Nil.</p><br>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that the 6m, 2m, 1.25m and 70cm beacons were working well. Rick Bandla reported that the 903MHz and 1296 MHz beacons also continued to work well.</p>
<p><strong>D-Star</strong><br>
Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) reported that D-Star systems are working well across the region. </p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Broadband Hamnet <br>
</strong>Clayton Smith reported that one more user, Colin MacArthur (VE3CWQ), is now on the network.  Rick Bandla said that he had some dishes that could be loaned out to people wanting to test communicating with the downtown site.</p>
<p><strong>New Business<br>
</strong>Doug Leach noted that the club had 50' of 1/2&quot; heliax  and several lengths of 3/8&quot; heliax that had been donated and are no longer needed. He had checked with the donors and they agreed that the club could do as it pleased with the items.<br>
  Doug Leach moved that the club sell this surplus material, seconded by Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ).<br>
Carried.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Announcement</strong>s<br>
 There were two announcements on upcoming events:	<br>
- Ottawa Hamfest  in Carp Sept 12, table then <br>
  - 34th Annual ARRL and TAPR Digital Communication Conference in Chicago Oct
 9-11.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Presentation<br>
  </strong>Wayne Getchel (VE3CZO)  delivered a presentation outlining a number of possible projects the members could consider.  Members asked about various options
but there was no decision on which projects to undertake and the discussion will continue at the next meeting.<br>
 *** webmaster's note: The presentation by Wayne Getchell (VE3CZO) on Candidate Projects for WCARC 2015-2016 is posted on the <a href="../presentations.html">WCARC website Presentations page</a>.

  <br>
  <br>
  <STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The  Vice-President observed
that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:24 hours.</p>


 <STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The  President stated that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:24 hours.
