---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on November 01, 2011
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the meeting room in Sobey's 840 March Rd.
<BR><BR>The following
people were present:<BR><BR>
<DIV style="POSITION: relative; LEFT: 100px">
<TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Barney
      Baker</TD>
    <TD>VA3BGB</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Tyler
      Tidman</TD>
    <TD>VA3DGN</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Ken
      Asmus</TD>
    <TD>VA3KA</TD>
    <TD>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Peter
      Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Stan
      Madore</TD>
    <TD>VA3SMM</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15vz</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Margaret
      Tidman</TD>
    <TD>VA3VXN</TD>
    <TD>Guest</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Valentin
      Doroga</TD>
    <TD>VA3WO</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ci</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Bert
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Graham
      Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Rick
      Bandla</TD>
    <TD>VE3CVG</TD>
    <TD>Webmaster</TD>
    <TD>FN25hm</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Wayne
      Getchell</TD>
    <TD>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD>Guest</TD>
    <TD>FN25dh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>David
      Frank</TD>
    <TD>VE3DMM</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>None</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>John
      Christensen</TD>
    <TD>VE3IAO</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15xi</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Geoff
      Johnson</TD>
    <TD>VE3KID</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>None</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Clare
      Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Andy
      Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>VicePresident</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Doug
      Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Glenn
      MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
    <TD>FN15dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR
  style="BORDER-BOTTOM: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #ccaa70 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #ccaa70 1px solid">
    <TD>Bryan
      Campbell</TD>
    <TD>VE3ZRK</TD>
    <TD>Guest</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></DIV>

<P><BR><BR><STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>The meeting was opened by Vice President
Andy Hart(VE3NVK) at 19:30 hours. <BR></P>
<P><BR><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Secretary Glenn MacDonel
l(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting. Moved by Glenn
MacDonell (VE3XRA) that the previous minutes as published on the web pages be
approved. Seconded by Ken Asmus (VA3KA). <BR>Motion approved. <BR></P>
<P><BR><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Treasurer Ken Asmus (VA3KA)
reported that since the last meeting WCARC gained one new member Fred
Chamberlaine (VE3CFZ). The bank balance at present is $584. A payment of $246
for liability insurance for next year is due RAC on December 1st so we will
enter the last month of the present year with a balance of about $338. The only
other outstanding expenditure this year is our Christmas party at the December
meeting. Membership renewals for the new year begin in January.<BR></P>
<P><BR><STRONG>VicePresident's Report</STRONG> <BR>Vice President Andy Hart
(VE3NVK) reported that finding meeting rooms has continued to be difficult. The
usual meeting room in the Sobeys on Terry Fox Drive was unavailable for the
November meeting (and this was only confirmed a few days before the meeting
time). Most stores were unwilling to take reservations more than a week before
the meeting. Members thanked the Vice President for his efforts that had ensured
we had a place for every meeting. The March Road Sobeys had just opened recently
and provided very good service. Members agreed by a show of hands to try to make
this our regular meeting place for future meetings.<BR><BR><BR><BR><STRONG>Old
Business:</STRONG> <BR>None<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>New Business:</STRONG>
<BR><STRONG>Annual General Meeting 6 December 2011</STRONG><BR>Notice was given
that<STRONG> 3 executive positions will be open for election</STRONG> at the
Annual General Meeting that takes place on the first Tuesday of December. WCARC
Executive terms are 2 years and terms are staggared so half of the executiove is
elected each year. The posiitions to be filled this year are <STRONG>President,
Secretary and Director.</STRONG><BR><BR><BR><STRONG>General Reports:</STRONG>
<BR><BR><STRONG>Ottawa Antenna Policy</STRONG><BR>Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA)
reported on the involvement of Ottawa area radio amateurs in commenting on City
of Ottawa's efforts to replace its 2008 by-law with an antenna policy and
consultations process. The city has recognized that the federal government
(Industry Canada) is the regulator with authority to decide on antenna systems
and it's role is in developing a consultation process for the municipality on
land use issues and expressing its views on those points to the regulator.
Members of the executives of all the Ottawa amateur radio clubs met to review
the city's draft policy, prepared a submission recommending how the policy could
be improved and met with city staff. WCARC participants included Glenn MacDonell
(VE3XRA) and Andy Hart (VE3NVK).<BR>The proposed new process would only apply to
new antenna installations or proposed increases in height of 25% for existing
installations. The city would define two types of antenna systems and have
differenet consultation processes for each. Amateur radio antennas would fall
into the "Residential Use Antenna Systems". The city would define criteria that,
if met, would mean the proposed antenna could be built without consultations.
Where consultations were required the city proposed a simpler process for
residential use systems than the large commercial systems. <BR>Comments from
Ottawa amateurs to the city focussed on the nature of amateur radio antennas
(which are different from the large commercial antenna towers that attract a lot
of criticism from nearby residents) and differences between amateur radio and
commercial radio systems so that the exemption criteria make sense for amateur
radio systems. Original plans called for the policy to be considered by City
Councillors at a Planning Committee meeting in late October. However, as a
result of comments on the draft policy the process of developing it has been
delayed and it is now expected that the policy will be considered by the
Planning Committee in February with subsequent discussions in the Rural and
Agricultureal Committee and full City Council for final approval. His
presentation can be found on the WCARC
website.<BR><BR><STRONG>Beacons</STRONG><BR>Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported the
beacons continued to operate without any problems and the enclosures were
recently adjusted for winter mode (limited
ventilation).<BR><BR><STRONG>D-STAR</STRONG><BR>Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) reported
that experiments involving VE3EFF and VE3YH to pipe internet into the repeater
server through the WMCA firewall were successful.<BR><BR><STRONG>Grid
Expedition</STRONG><BR>Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the scores for the June
ARRL VHF contest have been published. WCARC operated a multiop station field day
style in FN04xa. Our score this year was 86 thousand - we were the #1 multi-op
station in Canada.<BR></P>
<P><BR><STRONG>Presentation</STRONG> <BR>Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) delivered a
presentation "Noise figure: Definitions and Measurements" and used his measuring
equipment to test VHF and YHF preamplifiers club members brought to the meeting.
His presentation is posted on the club
website.<BR><BR><BR><STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG><BR>The VicePresident Andy Hart
(VE3NVK) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be
adjourned. The meeting was closed at 21:50 hours. <BR><BR></P>
