---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of September 5, 2006
date: 2017-01-30
---
<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The meeting was held in the
Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The following members and guests
were present: </span></p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom
  Zinck</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td>President</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick
  Bandla</td>
  <td>VE3CVG</td>
  <td>VP/Webmaster</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Kieran
  Shepherd</td>
  <td>VA3KS</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold
  Hamilton</td>
  <td>VA3UNK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dale
  Hennigar</td>
  <td>VE3XZT</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ed
  Blaser</td>
  <td>VE3LZV</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Robin
  Webb</td>
  <td>VE3UIX</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Les
  McCready</td>
  <td>VA3BZQ</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>John
  Christensen</td>
  <td>VE3IAO</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ziggy
  Bernhoff</td>
  <td>VE3RY</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Phil
  St. Germain</td>
  <td>VE3CIQ</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug
  Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Brad
  Smith</td>
  <td>VE3BSM</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Jeff
  Milne</td>
  <td>VE3EFF</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dean
  Denter</td>
  <td>VA3CDD</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Duane
  Avery</td>
  <td>VA3ODD</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham
  Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Tom, VA3NFA, greeted our guest
Ziggy, VE3RY - Duane, VA3ODD, arrived later in the evening.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Ken, VA3KA, our treasurer was
absent.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Rick, VE3CVG, reported that the
fleamarket at Carp was a success - good stuff and a good turnout. The RAC Symposium was well attended, with an
interesting talk on HF Beacons, and an expos&eacute;&nbsp;by Eric, VE3EI, of the ICOM
D-Star system and available equipment. ICOM is prepared to offer the same deal as in the USA - buy 2 M. and 440
MHz gear and ICOM will supply a 1.2 GHz repeater and controller. The object for Ottawa is to have the 144,
440 and 1.2 digital repeaters at the same location.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Re the 902 Band repeater project,
Rick indicated that he and Ken have 5 GTX Motorola mobiles and 2 handheld
transceivers functioning.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The 903 MHz beacon is functioning
and has been heard in Rochester NY.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The club made about $70.00 at
Carp. Jeff Milne, VE3EFF, made a
generous donation of $50 to the club; in recognition of this, Jeff has been
made an Honorary Member. There was also
a donation from Gregg, VE3YTZ.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Kieran's beacon is running 5
watts at 144.290 MHz, with CW identification at about 15 wpm. The beacon is about 250' from the house and
uses a horizontal loop antenna - callsign is VA3SJS. Kieran would appreciate strength reports.<br>
In consideration of his successful 144 MHz beacon implementation, Kieran has
been appointed 'Beacon Coordinator'. Congratulations, Kieran !! </span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>With the VHF contest coming on
the following weekend, two or three rovers planned to be out - Tom, Dean, and
perhaps Brad.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The next meeting will be <span
style='color:black'>on October 3, 2006. This meeting will begin at 8:00 PM rather than at the usual time.</span></span></p>


<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial;color:black'>Graham Ide
VE3BYT&nbsp;<br>
Secretary.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:
Arial'><![if !supportEmptyParas]>&nbsp;<![endif]></span></p>

</div>
