---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on July 21st, 2025 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Bertrand Zauhar     | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski  | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Rémi De Cristofaro  | VA3DRI    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell      | VE3CZO    | Director       | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Alfio Ferrara       | VA3FAF    | Visitor        | FN25    | No    |  -  |
| Tom Zinck           | VA3NFA    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ted Reinhardt       | VE3EDE    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy        | VA3TEC    | President      | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin          | VE3FN     | Member         | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot          | VE3JGL    | Member         | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund      | VE3AX     | Member         | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |

## Opening
The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Lawrence (VA3IQ), at 7:10 pm. There was one visitor attending the meeting.

### Meeting Agenda
The meeting agenda, which these meeting minutes follow, was published on the groups.io mail reflector prior to this meeting, and is reproduced below. Bert (VE2ZAZ) moved that the agenda be adopted as published. Lawrence IQ seconded. A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Secretary's Report
- Bert posted a draft version of the June 2025 regular meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted. The motion was seconded by Randy (VE3AX). A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
The treasurer was absent.

### Vice President's Report
- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
- Being Planned:
    - Bert (VE2ZAZ) will present his tower mounted 10 GHz system.
    - HamsOverIP and DMR linking by the folks of HamsOverIP Canada.
    - Wayne (VE3CZO): Selecting the right capacitor for an application.
    - Mike (VA3TEC): IP400 Presentation.
- Lawrence mentioned that Ham Shack Hotline is discontinuing in August... Many of us will be switching over to HamsOverIP Canada.
- Lawrence is looking for a December AGM location.

### Director's Report
The Director had nothing to report.

### President's Report
The President had nothing to report.

### Presentation(s):
This month was reserved for a round table.

### Old Business
No outstanding Old Business items.

### New Business
Carp hamfest: Bert (VE2ZAZ) confirmed that he had reserved a table at the upcoming Carp hamfest. He suggested that we discuss table setup and manning at the August meeting.

### Show and tell / Round Table
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) is looking for someone to help repair/rebuild his GAP Challenger antenna.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) is now operational from home on the 10 GHz band.
- Ray (VE3FN) needs help to tear down his station and roof antennas. Two members have offered to help.
- Mike (VA3TEC) plans on operating as rover from Grafton ON during the September VHF contest. Lawrence (VA3IQ) may follow him.
- Wayne VE3CZO manned the amateur radio booth during an IEEE symposium on antennas and propagation. There was a lot of interest shown by conference participants.

### Ask the Club
- Ted VE3EDE: On 23cm, there is a wall blocking him from completing a QSO. He wanted to know if he could bounce the waves off that wall.
- Mike VA3TEC wanted to know if some doorknob capacitors he owns could be used for a small loop.

### Adjournment
The Vice President observed that there was no further business. Lawrence (VA3IQ) moved that the meeting be adjourned. Bert (VE2ZAZ) seconded the motion. The meeting was adjourned at 7:57 pm.

------------------

### WCARC Regular Meeting Agenda - July 21st 2025
1. Call to Order @ 7 pm (Recording Reminder)
2. Opening Statements, Take attendance
3. Approve Agenda
4. Secretary's Report
5. Treasurer’s Report
1. Update on fees payments
6. Vice President’s Report
7. Director’s Report
8. President's Report
9. Presentation: None, Round Table instead
10. Old Business
11. New Business
12. Show and Tell / Elmer Questions
13. Trade/Swap Sell
14. Closing - Final remarks
