---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on February 3, 2015
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the regular upstairs meeting room in Sobey's at the corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

</p>
<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH 
>Name</TH>
    <TH 
>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH 
>Position</TH>
    <TH 
>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH 
>RAC</TH>
    <TH 
>WCARC</TH></TR>
  
    
<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Bertrand Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
    
    <TR 
>
      <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
      <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   

   
       
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
> Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>

<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>

   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Vice President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
      
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD 
>Secretary</TD>
     <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  </TBODY>
</TABLE></DIV>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The 
  meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. </p>
<p><br>
  <BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the January meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary, that the minutes be approved and posted; seconded by Doug Leach (VE3XK).<br>
  Carried.</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
<!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG><br>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK),  reported that the club had  15 regular members and 3 life members so far in 2015 and more renewals were expected. The current bank balance was about $632. </p>
<p> The Treasurer noted that there did not appear to be an overall list of club assets. Members knew of the digipeaters belonging to the club, test equipment and equipment used for the VHF contest but these were not all recorded in a single place. He agreed to maintain such a list and members agreed to provide him with information on club property. In particular Doug Leach, who had organized the last June VHF contest offered to provide his list of cables ropes stakes and other material the club had purchased or otherwise acquired.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><STRONG>President's Report:</STRONG><br> 
Nil.
<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Nil.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>New Business:<br>
</strong>Nil.<br> <br>
 
<strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Broadband Hamnet</strong><br>
Clayton Smith reported that the Broadband Hamnet links described at the last meeting were very stable over the past month. Members discussed how to expand the existing network. Many had equipment but not a clear line of sight to stations in the existing network.</p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that there were no new developments since the last meeting: the beacons continued to operate well except for 6m and that problem could not be investigated until Spring.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Announcements / Show and Tell<br>
  <br>
</strong>Clayton Smith described the new Raspberry Pi 2, now on sale at the same price as the existing Raspberry Pi B+ ($35) that is fully compatible with the earlier device and has twice the memory and a new CPU with about  6x the performance of the earlier CPU.<br>
<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Preparations for 2015 June VHF Contest</strong> <br>
  Doug Leach led a discussion of preparations for the June contest, noting which equipment is owned by the club and which may be borrowed from members.<br>
  <br>
</p>

<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
The President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 
2115 hrs.
