---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on March 5, 2013
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox 
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>
      
    <TR 
>
      <TD 
>Barney Baker</TD>
      <TD 
>VA3BGB</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Martin Gillem</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3SIE</TD>
    <TD 
>Guest</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
  

  <TR 
>
    
    
    <TD 
>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Director</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
      <TR 
>
        <TD 
>Dave Goodwin</TD>
        <TD 
>VE3AAQ</TD>
        <TD 
>Member</TD>
        <TD 
>FN25dg</TD>
        <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Rick Bandla</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CVG</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25hm</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
      
      <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Bill Brown</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3MMQ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN14</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Andrew Hart</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
     
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25wg</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD 
>Secretary</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
      
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Al 
      Penney</TD>
    <TD 
>VO1NO</TD>
    <TD 
>President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN24cw</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
<TD 
>YES</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The 
  meeting was opened by President Al Penney (VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. <BR>
  The President welcomed one guest, Martin Gillem (VA3SIE), the invited presenter for the meeting.</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  Secretary 
  Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) introduced the minutes  of the February meeting that had been posted on the club website and moved that the  minutes be approved. Seconded by Graham (VE3BYT). <BR>Motion approved. 
  <BR><BR><BR><!--SecretaryEnd--><!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
Treasurer Andrew Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current  balance was about $745 with 15 paid up members in addition to the life member. <br>
The Treasurer reported that the bank transfer approved at the previous meeting would soon be completed.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>President's Report:<br>
</strong>The President reported that he would move to Nova Scotia in  August.  He had been searching for appropriate properties in NS since he retired last summer and found one with enough room for his planned antenna farm than provided &quot;great shots to all parts of the world&quot;. Members wished him good DX from his new location.</p>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Old Business:<br>
  </STRONG>Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) reported that he continued to look at options for easily and inexpensively adding capabilities for a new band, 3.4GHz, for the club's participation in the ARRL June VHF QSO Party (the annual Grid Expedition to FN04xa)but had not found any good prospects.<br>
  Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported on his plans to improve performance on the new band added for 2012, 24 GHz. He is working on a bandpass filter and amplifier for the IF that should improve the system and make possible communications to an additional grid square.<BR>
  <BR>
  <BR>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer-->
  <STRONG>New Business:<br>
  </STRONG>None<br>
  <BR>
  <STRONG><br>
  General Report and Announcements:</STRONG><br>
  <BR>
  <strong>Beacons</strong><BR>
  Rick (VE3CVG) reported that the 903 MHz and 1296 MHz beacons were operatinal and being heard. The beacons are encapsulated in PVC pipe and provide 100 mw at each band.<br>
  Doug (VE3XK) reminded members that Rick had purchased the kits for the beacons, assembled and installed them and their operation will benefit all. He moved that the club 
reimburse Rick for the costs of the beacon kits. Peter (VA3PJ) seconded the motion.<br>
  Motion approved.
  <br>
  <BR>
  <strong>D-STAR<br>
  </strong>Rick (VE3CVG) reported that the D-Star system of repeaters and hot spots continued to work well.  A 5.8GHz intranet connection is planned to link D-STAR 
repeaters in Ottawa and Almonte, to ensure reliable access across the region when local internet connections may not be functioning. It may also be possible, later 
this summer, to provide closed local intranet connections to amateurs in the Ottawa area, using a 5.8GHz system.
<br><br><strong>Grid Expedition</strong>:<br>
Al (VO1NO) reported that planning continues for the mid June event and invited members to particpate either for the entire event or for a part of it. The club has 
done very well in the contest since it began using the location 5 years ago - placing first in Canada 4 of the 5 years.

<br><br><strong>Presentation:<br>
</strong>Martin Gillem (VA3SIE) delivered a presentation on Summits on the Air, an award scheme for radio amateurs and shortwave listners that encourages portable 
operation in mountainous areas. He illustrated his talk with photos and videos of his activities hiking to various summits in  northeastern North Amaerica and 
operating from them. More information can be found on the <a href="http://www.sota.org.uk">Summits on the Air website</a> as well 
as <a href="http://www.va3sie.com">Martin's blog</a>.

<BR><BR><STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The President stated 
  that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:30.
