---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the General Meeting on May 04, 2010
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.</BR>
       <BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


<Div style="position:relative;left:100px;">
	<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=6 halign=center valign=center" style="border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;">
  	<tr Bgcolor="#CCCCCC">
   		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Name</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Call Sign</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Position</th>
	 	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>MH Grid</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>RAC</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>WCARC</th>
  	</tr>

		<TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Barney Baker</TD><TD>VA3BGB</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ai</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Bernie Madore</TD><TD>VA3BMZ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN15vz</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Jamie Cashin</TD><TD>VA3JME</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>FN25</TD><TD>NO</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Greg Speakman</TD><TD>VA3OMP</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>None</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Peter Jago</TD><TD>VA3PJ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ag</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Stan Madore</TD><TD>VA3SMM</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN15vz</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Bert Zauhar</TD><TD>VE2ZAZ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25bk</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Graham Ide</TD><TD>VE3BYT</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ch</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>David Green</TD><TD>VE3TYL</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>None</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Doug Leach</TD><TD>VE3XK</TD><TD>VicePresident</TD><TD>FN15wg</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD><TD>VE3XRA</TD><TD>Secretary</TD><TD>FN15dj</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Dale Hennigar</TD><TD>VE3XZT</TD><TD>Director</TD><TD>FN15</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Bryan Campbell</TD><TD>VE3ZRK</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>None</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR><TR style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'><TD>Al Penney</TD><TD>VO1NO</TD><TD>President</TD><TD>FN24cw</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>

	</table>
</div>
<br><br>


<Strong>Opening:</strong><br>
   The meeting was opened by the   at 19:30 hours.
<br><br>


<!Secretary>
   <Strong>Secretary's Report:</Strong>
   <br>
Acting Secretary Al Penney(VO1NO) reported that in the absence of the Secretary the club should consider the minutes from the previous meeting.  A typo in the previous meeting's minutes was pointed out - Greg's call sign should have been shown as VA3OMP not VE3OMB.  Greg, VA3OMP moved and Peter, VE3PJ, seconded that the minutes be approved as corrected. Motion passed.
   <br><br>

<!SecretaryEnd>

<!Treasurer>
   <Strong>Treasurer's Report:</Strong>
<br>
Acting Treasurer Al Penney(VO1NO) reported reported that the club has approximately $800. in the bank. reported that 
<br><br>
<!TreasurerEnd>




<Strong>Old Business:</Strong>
<br>
        None<BR><BR>

<br>
<Strong>New Business:</Strong>
<br>
        None<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>General Reports:</Strong>
<br>
<br>
        Doug, VE3XK noted that he will adjust the air inlets to the beacons soon, since the warm weather has arrived.<br><br>Jamie, VA3JME described the upcoming Lanark Highlands Forest Ralley and noted the need for additional hams for communications.<br><br>Doug, VE3XK, described some test equipment that he has up for sale.<br><br>Grid Expedition: Al, VO1NO, decribed the expedition and conditions and noted the need for more operators for the FN04xa expedition June 12-14. He asked anyone interested in participating to contact him<br><br>Several short discussions took place as the meeting waited for the sun to move, to allow use of the projector and screen.<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- new fee to recycle electronic equipment<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Bert, VE2ZAZ, described his presentation for the June meeting<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Dale, VE3XZT, decribed the D-STAR dvap dongle<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Dave, VE3KL, described his attempts to build an antenna based on the design of a "Glascow Tower"<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</Strong>
<br><br>
	 The president, VO1NO, introduced Dave, VE3KL, who provided a detailed presentation of ferrites showing many practical applications to amateur radio. He demonstrated a ferrite test setup he had built with his antenna analyzer showing the functioning of several baluns and rf chokes.  The presentation is posted on the WCARC website.<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>Adjournment:</Strong>
<br>
The VA3BGB stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. 
The meeting was closed at 2200 hours.
