---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on March 18, 2019
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Chris Bisaillion       | VE3CBK     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Nick Shepherd          | VE3OWV     | Member           | FN15vk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| John Vandermey         | VA3RLC     | Member           | FN15xd  | Yes | Yes   |
| José Campione          | VA3PCJ     | Visitor          | FN25ej  | Yes |       |
| Richard Ferch          | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25ce  | Yes | Yes   |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bob Harrington         | VE3YYG     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 19:00 hours.
One visitor was in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the February meeting as posted on the WCARC website.
Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be adopted as posted.
Seconded by Remi (VA3DRI). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 22 paid up members and a bank balance of $386.92 plus the $3,058 term deposit.

### Vice President's Report

The Vice-President being absent, Clayton (VE3IRR) gave the report.
He mentioned that the speaker in April will be Ron Schwartz (VE3VN)
and the subject will be "Chasing 6m DXCC using FT8."

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) has started the preparations for the June contest.
The community centre has been reserved. He inquired on who will be available
to operate and help with setup and tear-down.

### Speaker

José (VA3PCJ) gave a presentation on QRP Adventures: Portable, Afloat and Abroad.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) reported that all of the beacons are operational.
Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that the WSPR beacon is working fine.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

No new updates.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* José (VA3PCJ) asked if the club had an APRS node.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) asked about the GIC that was expiring April 1st. He also mentioned the March 30th Laval Hamfest.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) announced Scouts Canada's participation in Doors Open Ottawa on June 1st & 2nd. He mentioned RAC has booked two rooms for Dayton and that one might be available. He also passed a message for Ray (VE3FN), who was looking for someone to go with him to the upcoming VHF Superconference.
* Chris (VE3CBK) asked the group if they recognized a part he had. He is also selling a Vibroplex bug.
* Randy (VE3AX) asked if there were any unused 2.4 GHz Harris drawers available as hams in the GTA were interested in getting on the band.
* Robert (VE3BE) announced that VA3CGM was a silent key.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:45.
