---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on November 02, 2010
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.</BR>
       <BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>
<Div style="position:relative;left:100px;">
	<table>
  	<tr>
   		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Name</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Call Sign</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Position</th>
	 	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>MH Grid</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>RAC</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>WCARC</th>
  	</tr>
<TR>
<TD>Barney Baker</TD>
<TD>VA3BGB</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
<TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Graham Ide</TD>
<TD>VE3BYT</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ch</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Andy Hart</TD>
<TD>VE3NVK</TD>
<TD>Director</TD>
<TD>FN25bh</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Doug Leach</TD>
<TD>VE3XK</TD>
<TD>Vice President</TD>
<TD>FN15wg</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Al Penney</TD>
<TD>VO1NO</TD>
<TD>President</TD>
<TD>FN24cw</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Richard Buckley</TD>
<TD>VE3YSH</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD> - </TD>
<TD>Yes</TD>
<TD> - </TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Ray Burrell</TD>
<TD> - </TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD> - </TD>
<TD> - </TD>
<TD> - </TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Jerry Dixon</TD>
<TD>VE5DC</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN25ch</TD>
<TD>Yes</TD>
<TD> - </TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Stan Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3SMM</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Bernie Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3BMZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Peter Jago</TD>
<TD>VA3PJ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Janice Neelands</TD>
<TD>VA3PAX</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>David Frank</TD>
<TD>VE3DMU</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN25ch</TD>
<TD> - </TD>
<TD> - </TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Marc Pichetter</TD>
<TD>VA3DRV</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
<TD>Greg Danylchenko</TD>
<TD>VE3YTZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
</Table>
</Div>
<br><br>
<Strong>Opening: </Strong>
<br>
The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. 

Apologies were received from the Secretary Glenn Macdonell and the Treasurer Ken Asmus for their absence. 

<br><br>
<Strong>Secretary's Report: </Strong>
<br>

The Secretary not being present, the President gave notice that the Minutes of the previous meeting were on the web-site and asked if there were any additions or corrections. It was pointed out that Mark Pichette was showing as a guest and not correctly as a member and should be corrected.

It was proposed that the Minutes be accepted, subject to the above change, by Graham Ide and seconded by Bernie Madore.
 
<br><br>
<Strong>Treasurer's Report: </Strong>
<br>
It was reported by the President that the club has approximately $1080 presently in the bank.

<Strong>Old Business: </Strong>
<br>
It was reported that there has to date been no success in purchasing a projector for use at the meetings of the club, for which $600 has been previously approved for the purchase thereof.
 
<br><br>
<Strong>General Reports: </Strong>
<br>

<Strong>Beacons:</Strong>
<br>
Doug Leech reported that the beacons continue to operate just fine.

<br><br>
Graham Ide demonstrated a CW IDer based on a micro chip controller that could be used to replace the present IDer that drops a dit.
<br><br>
<Strong>June VHF grid expedition:</Strong>

The President advised that the results of the ARRL June VHF QSO party had now been posted on the ARRL web site ( Results )  and that we have dropped to 2nd position in Canada in the Multi-op standings with a VE7 station taking the lead. Poor VHF propagation in the East this year was suggested as one of the reasons for this change in our standings  

 <br><br>
<Strong>Other Information:</Strong>
<br>

It was mentioned that the Kingston Hamfest was to be held on the 13th November.
<br>
It was further reported that our previous repeater is now up and running by the Almonte group who purchased the equipment from the club earlier in the year after the club lost use of the site where it was being operated from.
 
<br><br>
<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activities:</Strong>
<br>
 
Greg Danylchenko gave a presentation on High-Performance software defined radios, and showed a number of the boards used in this radio. Further information can be found at http://openhpsdr.org/ and the TAPR web site.

<br><br>
<Strong>Adjournment:</Strong>
<br>
The President stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. 
The meeting was closed at 21:33 hours.
<br><br>
These Minutes by Andy Hart VE3NVK (Director)
