---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 4, 2013
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox
Drive in Kanata.<br><br>The following people were present:<br><br>



  <table>

  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Call
      Sign</th>
    <th>Position</th>
    <th>MH
      Grid</th>
    <th>RAC</th>
    <th>WCARC</th></tr>

    <tr>
      <td>Dean Denter</td>
      <td>VA3CDD</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN15wl</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td></tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Ken Asmus</td>
    <td>VA3KA</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN15wg</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


 <tr>
    <td>Peter Jago</td>
    <td>VA3PJ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ag</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


  <tr>

    <td>Bert
      Zauhar</td>
    <td>VE2ZAZ</td>
    <td>Director</td>
    <td>FN25bk</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

      <tr>
        <td>Dave Goodwin</td>
        <td>VE3AAQ</td>
        <td>Member</td>
        <td>FN25dg</td>
        <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td></tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Graham Ide</td>
    <td>VE3BYT</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ch</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Wayne Getchell</td>
    <td>VE3CZO</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


    <tr>
    <td>John Christensen</td>
    <td>VE3IAO</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>No</td></tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Clayton Smith</td>
    <td>VE3IRR</td>
    <td>Vice President</td>
    <td>FN25ai</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Richard Ferch</td>
    <td>VE3KI</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td>FN25ce</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>No</td></tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Marcus Leech</td>
    <td>VE3MDL</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
    <td>No</td></tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Clare Fowler</td>
    <td>VE3NPC</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


     <tr>
    <td>Paul Boltwood</td>
    <td>VE3PLE</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25bg</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Doug Leach</td>
    <td>VE3XK</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25wg</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Glenn MacDonell</td>
    <td>VE3XRA</td>
    <td>Secretary</td>
    <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


     <tr>
    <td>Al
      Penney</td>
    <td>VO1NO</td>
    <td>President</td>
    <td>FN24cw</td>
    <td>YES</td>
<td>YES</td></tr></table>
<p><br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>
  The
  meeting was opened by President Al Penney (VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. <br>
  The President welcomed 4 guests to the meeting:, John Christensen (VE3IAO), Richard Ferch (VE3KI), Gary Acius and the evening's presenter, Marcus Leech VE3MDL.</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary--><strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
  Secretary
Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) introduced the minutes  of the May meeting  and moved that the  minutes be approved. Seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ). <br>
The Secretary agreed to correct  Bryan Campbell's call sign in the May minutes to VE3ZRK. Motion approved.</p>
<p><br><!--SecretaryEnd--><!--Treasurer--><strong>Treasurer's
    Report:</strong> <br>
  In the absence of the Treasurer the President noted that the financial situation of the club remained as reported at the previous meeting.</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary-->
  <strong>Vice President's Report:<br>
  </strong>Vice President Clayton Smith reported that the usual meeting room was booked at Sobeys for the July, August and September meetings. He noted that focus of the July meeting would be  be a report on the June Grid Expedition and Bert (VE2ZAZ) will speak about digital modulation in August.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>President's Report:<br>
</strong>The President reported that the club had sold some items at the Smiths Falls flea market and continued to have a supply of plastic cases for sale. He noted that he and several other members had attended the Dayton Hamfest in May. While overall the event was interesting  the fleamarket had not met his expectations. Finally he reminded members that the last meeting he would attend before moving to Nova Scotia would be in August.</p>
<p> <br>
  <strong>Old Business:<br>
  </strong>None<br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer-->
  <strong>New Business:<br>
  </strong>None<br>
  <br>
  <strong><br>
  General Report and Announcements:</strong><br>
  <br>
  <strong>Grid Expedition</strong>:<br>
Al (VO1NO) gave an overview of preparations for the Grid Expedition to FN04xa for the ARRL June VHF QSO Party. . He welcomed Richard Ferch VE3KI who had recently agreed to participate. He will give a full report on the event at the July meeting.</p>
<p><strong>2304 MHz Transverter Project</strong><br>
  Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported on his conversion of  a transmitter-receiver pair previously used by Rogers Communications for point to point communications at 2.4 GHZ. Jimmy VE2JWH had been given several units when Rogers took them out of service and had piloted a conversion allowing their use at 2304MHz. Bert was one of a number of Quebec hams who had modified units they obtained and he showed members the results of his work. The converted transverter uses a 2m IF,  provides an output of 1.3 w at 2304 MHz and operates from a 12v DC supply. He noted that approximately $150 worth of parts need to be purchased or found in members spare parts caches to modify the devices. VE2JWH still had additional units and was willing to make them available to interested club members through Bert. Six members indicated there interest and Bert agreed to transmit the request to VE2JWH. He also agreed to organize purchase of needed components. He asked members to confirm their interest by email to him and noted that that this would likely be a club activity in the fall given members' committments over the summer.</p>
<p><strong><br>
  <br>
  Presentation:<br>
</strong>Marcus Leech VE3MDL gave us a talk on amateur radio astronomy based on his own activities over past years entitled "An Introduction to Radio Astronomy and Meteor Forward Scatter with GNU Radio and SDR." A copy of his presentation can be downloaded <a href="../presentations/ve3mdl_ra_introduction.pdf">here</a>.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Adjournment</strong> <br>
  The President stated
  that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 22:17 hours.</p>
