---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on September 16, 2019 - DRAFT
---

The meeting was held at the the Fringewood Community Centre in Stittsville.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Graham Ide             | VE3BYT     | Member           | FN25ch  | Yes | Yes   |
| Georges-André Chaudron | VE2VAB     | Member           | FN25dl  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25dh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bryan Hodge            | VA3QJ      | Visitor          |         |     |       |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Visitor          |         |     |       |
| Darren Hodder          | VE3HOD     | Member           |         | Yes | Yes   |
| John Vandermey         | VA3RLC     | Member           | FN15xd  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the Secretary, Randy Nordlund (VE3AX) at 19:03.
Two visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the August meeting as posted
on the WCARC website.
Doug asked that the August minutes be modified to reflect the members
who donated for the 70 cm beacon antenna.
Remi (VA3DRI) asked that the RLC meter be changed to LC Meter.
Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be adopted as amended. Seconded by Robert (VE3BE).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 27 paid up members for 2019 and a bank balance of
$904.78. There is also $2,000 which is split up into 2 term deposits which
will be maturing in 2020. Clayton (VE3IRR) donated $1,103 to the club after
the sale of his items at the Carp Hamfest.
With the outstanding cheques the effective balance is around $1,500.

### Vice President's Report

Absent.

### Director's Report

Absent.

### President's Report

Absent.

### Speaker

No speaker was scheduled for tonight's meeting.

### Old Business

* Doug (VE3XK) asked if tonight's meeting space is committed until December.
* Randy (VE3AX) mentioned that the speaker for October will be Mike Babineau (VE3WMB) – Pico Balloon WSPR Beacons. November will be Steve Harrison (VE3FTS) – Rebuilding Renfrew and Almonte ARES. December will be the AGM, and January will tentatively be Clayton (VE3IRR) with an SDR update.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) reported that the beacon antennas were changed before the meeting.
Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed pictures of the installed antennas.

#### D-STAR

Wayne (VE3CZO) asked if D-STAR should be removed from the list of projects as there are no more updates.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Nil.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Bryan (VE3QJ) asked if anyone was interested in older ham equipment that he wanted to sell.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) gave an update on the September contest.
* Doug (VE3XK) asked if there were options that the club could look at for future contests such as doing a September contest using rovers.
* Lawrence (VA3IQ) showed his eBay GPSDO.
* Graham (VE3BYT) showed his Skew-planar Wheel Antenna.
* Mike (VE3MKX) showed Powerpole adapters and DC-DC converters from eBay.
* Wayne (VE3CZO) showed a continuity tester he designed.
* Randy (VE3AX) showed his NanoVNA.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) talked about the NanoVNA and recycling Li-ion batteries.
* Georges-André (VE2VAB) showed his SOTA setup.
* Doug (VE3XK) reminded everyone that the club owned test equipment that can be borrowed by the members.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) asked if there was a list of equipment donated by Clayton.

### Adjournment

The Secretary observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 21:03.
