---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on April 7, 2015
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<br><br>The following people were present:<br><br>


  <table>
  
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Call 
      Sign</th>
    <th>Position</th>
    <th>MH 
      Grid</th>
    <th>RAC</th>
    <th>WCARC</th></tr>
   
<tr>
    <td>Tyler Tidman</td>
    <td>VA3DGN</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ai</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr> 
   
<tr>
    <td>Peter Jago</td>
    <td>VA3PJ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ag</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
   
<tr>
    <td>Tom Zink</td>
    <td>VA3TRZ</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td>FN25ah</td>
    <td>?</td>
    <td>?</td>
    </tr>
       
<tr>
    <td>Margaret Tidman</td>
    <td>VA3VXN</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ai</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>

   
    <tr>
    <td>Bertrand Zauhar</td>
    <td>VE2ZAZ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25bk</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
   
 
    <tr>
    <td>Dave Goodwin</td>
    <td>VE3AAQ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dh</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>
    
   
 
       
    <tr>
    <td>Randy Nordland</td>
    <td>VE3AX</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>
 
     <tr>
    <td>Graham Ide</td>
    <td>VE3BYT</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ch</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
   
<tr>
      <td>Wayne Getchel</td>
      <td>VE3CZO</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td></tr>  
      
     
    
    <tr>
    <td>Clayton Smith</td>
    <td>VE3IRR</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ai</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
   
 
   
 <tr>
    <td>Richard Ferch</td>
    <td>VE3KI</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ce</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
        
  
    <tr>
    <td>Clare Fowler</td>
    <td>VE3NPC</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>
   
<tr>
    <td>Andy Hart</td>
    <td>VA3NVK</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25bh</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    
     <tr>
    <td>Paul Boltwood</td>
    <td>VE3PLE</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25bg</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


   <tr>
    <td>Doug Leach</td>
    <td>VE3XK</td>
    <td>Vice President</td>
    <td>FN25bf</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>
  
      
     <tr>
    <td>Glenn MacDonell</td>
    <td>VE3XRA</td>
    <td>Secretary</td>
     <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>
  
</table>



<br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>
  The meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed one visitor, Tom Zinc (VE3TRZ), 
a past-president from &quot;many years ago&quot;. 
<br><br>
  <!--Secretary--><strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the March meeting. He agreed to correct the grid squares of Doug 
Leach and Paul Boltwood which had been switched on the attendees list. It was moved by the Secretary, that the minutes be approved as corrected. Seconded by Doug (VE2XK). Carried.
  <br><br>
The Secretary also reported that he had received, from the ARRL the certificate acknowledging that VE3WCC with operators VA3KA, VE2ZAZ, 
VE3FN, VE3IRR, VE3KI, VE3KL, VE3NVK, VE3XK and VE3XRA had placed first among multi-operators in the Ontario East Section.<br><br>
Another club member, Dave Goodwin (VE3AAQ) placed first in Canada in the QRP category.

<br><br>
  <!--Treasurer--><strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong> <br>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK), reported a current bank balance of $608.00 and the club had 16 paid up members.<br><br>

<strong>Vice President's Report<br>
  </strong>Vice Present Doug (VE3XRA) reported that the speaker at the May meeting would be Dick Bonneycastle (VE3FUA). He will speak on 
Rechargeable Battery Technologies.<br>
<br><br>

<!--President--><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>Nil.
<br><br>

<strong>Old Business:
</strong><br>Nil<br><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>
Nil.<br><br>
<strong>Reports and Project Updates:</strong>
<br><br><strong>Beacons</strong>
Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that the beacons were working except 6m. He hopes to bring the equipment down in next month to repair the 
6m module and make a few improvements. He will also look for places where he can relocate the beacons to.<br><br>

<strong>Broadband HamNet or BBHN</strong><br>
Clayton Smith and Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) reported further developments.  New nodes are being set up and connected to the network. 
Dave Harris (VE3KMV) is now connected to the bbhn. An experiment verified that connection at 5.8 GHz was possible between Maurice Andre 
(VE3VIG) on Montreal Rd., about 5km east of the the YMCA.  Further, many people are experimenting and have with equipment that could 
connect to the HamNet but are not yet able to get a clear path to an existing node. As more nodes are established the situation should 
improve.<br><br>

<strong>Announcements</strong>
<br>Margaret Tidman (VE3VXN) informed members that the Rideau Lakes Cycle Tour needs radio operators at the Ottawa end of  the 
Ottawa-Kingston and back tour, that takes place June 6-7. Anyone able to help out should contact Gord Mein (VE3FRB) by email at 
<a href="mailto:ve3frb@rac.ca">ve3frb@rac.ca</a>.<br>
  <br>
Tyler Tidman (VE3DGN) announced a &quot;Linux Pi Boot Camp&quot;, a session aimed at helping people get started with the Raspberry Pi. It 
will take place Saturday May 23 at Algonquin College. The event will provide those attending with access to experienced users to answer 
their questions and also include several demonstrations of interesting things that can be done. There is no cost but people attending 
are invited to bring food items as a contribution to the Carleton Students Association &quot;Food Cupboard&quot;. Further information 
will be circulated on the wccist.
<br><br>Dave Goodwin announced that he would be moving from Ottawa to New Brunswick this summer.

<br><br><strong>  Planning for the June VHF Contest</strong><br>
Doug (VE3XK) reviewed the status of preparations for the June Contest including an overview of equipment available for operations this 
year.  He noted that there are no issues on transceivers or amplifiers. One work in progress is the preparation of a 70 cm amplifier 
by Ray Perrin (VE3FN).<br><br>

On antennas he pointed out an issue with the antenna that had been used last year.  It is an old design, now essentially discredited 
and the one we used had been damaged and some parts of the reflector were missing.   Ray Perrin (VE3FN), who makes available his KW 2m 
amplifier for the event encouraged the club to invest in a new antenna and offered to share the cost. Following discussion, where 
several other members supported the idea of a club purchase and offered to contribute towards the cost, Doug moved that the club 
purchase a Directive Systems DSE FO144-12 antenna and authorize an expenditure of up to $300 for this. The motion was seconded by 
Randy Nordland (VE3AX). The motion was carried. After the motion was approved, members provided donations of $230, reducing the club's 
expenditure on this purchase.<br><br>
Members discussed several other aspects of the contest preparations including towers, and other equipment. 

<br><br>The addition of LASER communications this year prompted significant discussion. Several members had agreed to participate in a 
group purchase.  Others thought it would be useful for the club to have one system to use at the contest. As a result Doug (VE3XK) moved 
that the club purchase one Ramsey LASER commuicator (transceiver) at a cost of about $55 plus shipping. Seconded by Graham Ide (VE3BYT). 
Carried.
<br><br>

<strong>Adjournment</strong> <br>
President Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 2124 hrs.
