---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 7, 2015
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
 <TABLE 
cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=6 valign='center"' halign="center">
  <TBODY>
  <TR bgColor=#cccccc>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
  </TR>

   
<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Tyler Tidman</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3DGN</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR> 

   
<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
       
<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Margaret Tidman</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3VXN</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Bertrand Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   

       
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
> Randy Nordland</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3AX</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
 
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
<TR 
>
      <TD 
>Wayne Getchel</TD>
      <TD 
>VE3CZO</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN25</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>  
      
     
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   

        
  
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
> Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
   
<TR 
>
    <TD 
>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3NVK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
    
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>


   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Vice President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
      
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD 
>Secretary</TD>
     <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  </TBODY>
</TABLE></DIV>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The 
meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. </p>
<p><BR>
  <!Secretary><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the June meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be approved; seconded by  Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ).<br>
  Carried.
  <br>
</p>
<p><BR>
  <!SecretaryEnd>
  <!Treasurer><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NV) reported that the current bank balance  was $325 and as of the meeting the club had 19 paid up members.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Vice President's Report<br>
  </strong>The Vice Present Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that  speakers had been selected for the balance of the year and briefly reviewed the list of future speakers.<!TreasurerEnd>
The August meeting will include a presentation on Broadband Hamnet by Bert Zauhar.<p>
<!President><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>
Nil. </p>
<!PresidentEnd>
<br>

<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Nil<p><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>
Nil.</p><br>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that the beacons were ready for installation at their new QTH (on the property of Paul Boltwood (VE3PLE)). He asked for volunteers to help with the installation the Saturday following the meeting and received a sufficient number to undertake the task.</p>
<p><strong>Broadband Hamnet</strong><br>
  Clayton Smith gave a brief update on Broadband Hamnet developments. There had not been significant changes to the number of people connected to the present network. The operating frequency for 2.4 GHZ communications has been moved to frequencies that are in the ham band but below those used for unlicenced devices, significantly improving noise levels.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>  <br>
  Report on the June VHF Contest </strong><br>
Clayton Smith delivered a presentation outlining the accomplishments of the club at the June VHF contest, held for the second time at the Corkery Community Centre. The number of contacts and points increased considerably this year. The entire reportwill be posted on the Presentations page of the club website.<br>
</p>

 <STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The  President stated that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:24 hours.
