---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 6, 2013
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox
Drive in Kanata.<br><br>The following people were present:<br><br>


  <table>

  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Call
      Sign</th>
    <th>Position</th>
    <th>MH
      Grid</th>
    <th>RAC</th>
    <th>WCARC</th></tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Al
      Penney</td>
    <td>VO1NO</td>
    <td>President</td>
    <td>FN24cw</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Clayton Smith</td>
    <td>VE3IRR</td>
    <td>Vice President</td>
    <td>FN25ai</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Andrew Hart</td>
    <td>VE3NVK</td>
    <td>Treasurer</td>
    <td>FN25bh</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Bert Zauhar</td>
    <td>VE2ZAZ</td>
    <td>Director</td>
    <td>FN25bk</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Graham Ide</td>
    <td>VE3BYT</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ch</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Clare Fowler</td>
    <td>VE3NPC</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Paul Boltwood</td>
    <td>VE3PLE</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Dean Denter</td>
    <td>VA3CDD</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN15wl</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Bryan Campbell</td>
    <td>VE3ZRK</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dk</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>NO</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Dave Goodwin</td>
    <td>VE3AAQ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dg</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Bill Brown</td>
    <td>VE3MMQ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN14pa</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Doug Leach</td>
    <td>VE3XK</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25bf</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

   <tr>
    <td>Ken Asmus</td>
    <td>VA3KA</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN15wg</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Wayne Getchell</td>
    <td>VE3CZO</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

  <tr>
    <td>Peter Jago</td>
    <td>VA3PJ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ag</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

</table>
<p><br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>
  The
  meeting was opened by President Al Penney (VO1NO) at 19:33 hours. <br>
  The President welcomed one guest: Bryan Campbell (VE3ZRK).</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
  The Secretary was not present at the meeting, so the minutes of the June meeting were not available for review.  Clayton (VE3IRR) introduced the minutes of the July meeting for review and Al (VO1NO) moved that they be approved without changes.  The motion was approved.
</p>
<p><br><strong>Treasurer's
    Report:</strong> <br>
  Treasurer Andy (VE3NVK) reported that the club had $455.47 in its bank account.  Al (VO1NO) reported that he had $20 in revenue from the Smiths Falls Hamfest, which he gave to the Treasurer.  Andy noted that the expenses from the June grid expedition had not yet been withdrawn from the club's account.  Al reported that the club had authorized spending of up to $200 for the grid expedition, of which approximately $75 was used.  Bert (VE2ZAZ) inquired as to why the bank account balance was lower than it previously had been, and Andy explained that $230 had been paid to Rick (VE3CVG) for the club's microwave beacon project.  Andy also reported that the club's former bank account with the Royal Bank had been closed.
</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Vice President's Report:<br>
  </strong>Vice President Clayton (VE3IRR) reported that he had requested the usual Sobeys meeting room for the September, October and November meetings meetings and was awaiting confirmation from Sobeys. He noted he would be giving the presentation on GNU Radio at the September meeting, and that speakers were still required for the October and November meetings.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Directors Report:<br>
  </strong>Director Bert (VE2ZAZ) had nothing to report.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>President's Report:<br>
</strong>Al (VO1NO) proposed sending a thank-you letter to Davtech, since the club had twice used their boardroom (for its March and May 2011 meetings), and they had donated several dozen surplus carrying cases to the club.  The carrying cases can be used by members, or be sold at hamfests to raise money for the club.</p>
<p> <br>
  <strong>Old Business:<br>
  </strong>None<br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <strong>New Business:<br>
  </strong>
<ol>
<li>
<strong>472-479 kHz allocation:</strong> Dave (VE3AAQ) gave a brief presentation on Industry Canada's proposed allocation of a 600 meter amateur radio band between 472 and 479 kHz, as adopted at the 2012 ITU World Radiocommunication Conference (WRC-12).  Details of the proposal can be found in Gazette Notice SMSE-004-13 on Industry Canada's web site.  Comments are due by September 27, 2013.  Dave moved that the club submit a comment to Industry Canada in support of the allocation.  The motion was seconded by Bill (VE3MMQ) and approved.  Dave also encouraged members to express their support to Industry Canada individually.  His own submission to Industry Canada has been posted to the WCARC mailing list.
</li>
<li>
<strong>President's retirement:</strong> After serving for six years as President, Al (VO1NO) reported that this would be his last meeting, as he is moving to Nova Scotia at the end of August.  Al resigned his position as President, and Clayton (VE3IRR) agreed to serve as Acting President for the remainder of the year.  Clayton thanked Al for his many contributions and years of service to the club.  Al left the club with two challenges: to carry on the club's annual grid expeditions, and to post recordings of the club's presentations to the web for amateurs who are unable to attend the meetings in person.  Al will leave the club's stock of QSL cards with Ken (VA3KA).</li>
<li>
<strong>2304 MHz transverter project:</strong> Bert (VE2ZAZ) contacted Jimmy (VE2JWH) to request that he set aside 12 surplus transmitter/receiver drawers for club members who expressed interest in converting them into 2304 MHz transverters. Bert will order parts for the project in the fall once he has inspected the drawers and determined what parts members require.</li>
<li>
<strong>OARC Hamfest:</strong> Ken (VA3KA) reported that he had booked a table for the club at the OARC Hamfest, to be held at the Carp Agricultural Fairgrounds on Saturday, September 7.  Club members are welcome to bring items they would like to sell, and are encouraged to donate a portion of the proceeds to the club.  Members must take home any items that do not sell.  Ken is looking for a club member to man the table.</li>
</ol>

<br><strong>Project updates:<br>
</strong>
<ol>
<li><strong>Beacon project:</strong> Nothing to report.</li>
<li><strong>D-STAR project:</strong> Nothing to report.</li>
<li><strong>Grid expedition:</strong> The club will need to find various equipment for the next June grid expedition, since Al (VO1NO), who has previously supplied much of the equipment, will not be available in 2014.</li>
</ol>

<p><strong>Grid expedition video:<br>
</strong>Bert (VE2ZAZ) played a video he had made of the club's June grid expedition. The video is available on Youtube: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgOvTNRuTpA">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgOvTNRuTpA</a></p>

<p><strong>VOA Radiogram:<br>
</strong>Andy (VE3NVK) informed the club about Voice of America's experimental digital transmissions.  Further information is available at the website <a href="http://voaradiogram.net/">voaradiogram.net</a>.</p>

<p><strong>Presentation:<br>
</strong>Bert (VE2ZAZ) presented a primer on digital modulation schemes, including ASK, PSK, FSK, OFDM and others.</p>

<br><strong>Adjournment</strong> <br>
  The President, Al (VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:38.
