---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 21st, 2021 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |    
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Treasurer        | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes   | Yes |
| Andrew Hart            | VE3NVK     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Member           | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bryan Campbell         | VE3ZRK     | Visitor          | FN25    | No    |  -  |
| Dave                   | VA3CP      | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Marcel                 | VE3FNG     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Howard                 | VE3HBH     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Norm Freidin           | VA3GF      | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Bert                   | VE3NR      | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Keith                  | VE3KRU     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Fred                   | VE3LAF     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Bert                   | VE3DPZ     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Chris Foden            | VE3EAY     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Keith                  | VE3KRU     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Norm                   | VE3VZI     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Ken                    | VE3KCY     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| John                   | VA3JYK     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Earl                   | VE3ELY     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Richard                | VA3VGR     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| John Kassay            | VE3FDK     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| John Vaillancourt      | SWL        | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |


### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:07 pm.
There were 17 visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the May 2021 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Karen (VA3IGO). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
- The balance as of today is $2032.87. There is also $2,000 which is split up into two term deposits. One has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021. The other one will mature on October 21st, 2021.
- There are 24 members as of today. There are also three life members.

### Vice President's Report
The Vice President was absent.

### Director's Report
Nothing to report.

### President's Report
- The Club Officers have agreed to transfer the Club-sponsored callsign VE3DVQ to the Lanark North Leeds ARES. That callsign is currently unused by our Club. This transfer will not affect the VE3WCC callsign, which we are retaining for contesting and for beacon identification. Clayton (VE3IRR) will proceed with the transfer.
- Former Club officer and current webmaster Clayton (VE3IRR) will be leaving the region in August. He has offered to retain the position of Webmaster. The Club thanked him for his past contribution and for carrying on with the website duties.

### Speaker
Wayne (VE3CZO): Tx/Rx Sequencing for transverters.

### Old Business
- Beacons: Charles (VA3CPY) contacted Neil from the Diefenbunker Amateur Radio Club to pursue the WCARC beacon move assessment. The DARC officers will need to contact the Diefenbunker administration to be able to answer our questions, for example the availability of an always-on AC supply. Communication with the Diefenbunker was difficult due to COVID, but the situation is improving. Charles will contact the DARC officers again within the next two weeks.
- The Officers reiterated that The Club would not participate in the September 2021 VHF contest.
- As previously announced, Charles asked the attendees for ideas on how to promote ham radio and our Club. Glenn (VE3XRA) mentioned that the Canada-Wide Science Fair in Ottawa in 2023 (and STEM-Expo) could be a good opportunity to show what ham radio is. Charles suggested setting up a table at one of the fall fairs (For example at the Carp Fairgrounds) to show off ham radio and to introduce the Club to the visitors.

### Reports / Club Project Updates
- Glenn (VE3XRA): The OARC is getting closer to installing a VE2CRA DMR repeater at the Camp Fortune site.
- Wayne (VE3CZO) has more than 50 kits of his various projects to distribute to members. This will happen as soon as we can meet in person.

### New Business
None.

### Show and Tell / Announcements
- Charles (VA3CPY) proposed that the Show and Tell period include a time for attendees to ask to ask technical questions, as there are several members who are very knowledgeable and who can answer most questions.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) announced that he is developing a VHF contest logging software package. He will show off the completed software at the July meeting.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 9:32 pm.
