---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on November 17th, 2025
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Bertrand Zauhar     | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski  | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Roger Cormier       | VA3LTE    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell      | VE3CZO    | Director       | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ted Reinhardt       | VE3EDE    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro  | VA3DRI    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Tom Zinck           | VA3NFA    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith       | VE3IRR    | Member         | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin          | VE3FN     | Member         | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |

## Opening

The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Lawrence (VA3IQ), at 7:10 pm. There were no visitors attending the meeting.

### Meeting Agenda

The meeting agenda was published at the meeting, and is reproduced below. Lawrence (VA3IQ) moved that the agenda be adopted as published. Ted (VE3EDE) seconded. A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Secretary's Report

- Bert posted a draft version of the October 2025 regular meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted. The motion was seconded by Lawrence (VA3IQ). A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.
- RAC Insurance Program: Application information was received. He is expecting the RAC Affiliation Program information soon.

### Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer was absent.

### Vice President's Report

- The Club's Annual General Meeting (AGM) will take place at the RAC headquarters on December 15<sup>th</sup>.
- Lawrence found a low-cost meeting space. We will try to get together at the March 2026 meeting.
- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
   - December: AGM - No presentation scheduled.
   - Being planned (speakers shall provide a synopsis of their presentation to Lawrence):
      - Wayne (VE3CZO) - Selecting the right capacitor for an application.
      - Q65 on WSJT-X for UHF and above.
      - HamsOverIP and DMR linking by the folks of HamsOverIP Canada.
      - Mike (VA3TEC): IP400 Presentation.
      - Lawrence - Logging software acting as Rover controller.

### Director's Report

The Director had nothing to report.

### President's Report

The President was absent.

### Presentation(s)

No presentation, a round table on AREDN took place instead.

### Old Business

None.

### New Business

- Annual General Meeting
   - Election: Three Director positions, two of which for President and Secretary, must be renewed at the AGM.
   - Wayne (VE3CZO) will send an election reminder email.
   - Food: Bert (VE2ZAZ) will bring sandwiches, Lawrence (VA3IQ) will bring soft drinks, Wayne (VE3CZO) will bring chips/munchies.
   - Lawrence was not sure whether the VE3RHQ RAC headquarters station would be open.
   - At last year's AGM, the meeting audio on Zoom was bad, likely due to the webcam used. For this year, Lawrence will bring a better webcam, with good audio.
   - The invite email should mention that access to the RAC headquarters is from the back of the building.

### Show and tell / Round Table

- Wayne (VE3CZO) showed two 18 GHz Scalar Network Analyzers he is giving away. Anyone interested should contact him.
- Creation of an AREDN mesh network by Club members.
   - An AREDN connection was achieved between Ted (VE3EDE) and Lawrence (VA3IQ).
   - Tom (VA3NFA) is working on establishing a link with Lawrence. They are experiencing intermittent visibility.
   - Lawrence is working on setting up a "Supernode". He also has a link up with Luc (VA2RLM) in Hull.
   - Mike (VA3TEC) has two nodes on the roof. One of them links up with Luc (VA2RLM) in Hull.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) purchased a Chinese-made 100W 1296 MHz amplifier brick. Members asked him to report back on the unit at a future meeting.
- 2025 ARRL June VHF Contest results. The Club came in first in Canada, any category, and third in North America in the multi-station unlimited category. Members commended these great results.

### Ask the Club

- Ted (VE3EDE) asked about creating an OFDM transmitter on GNU Radio. Clayton (VE3IRR) answered his questions.

### Adjournment

The Vice President observed that there was no further business. Lawrence (VA3IQ) moved that the meeting be adjourned. Bert (VE2ZAZ) seconded the motion. The meeting was adjourned at 8:15 pm.

---

### WCARC Regular Meeting Agenda - October 20th, 2025

1. Call to Order @ 7 pm (Recording Reminder)
1. Opening Statements, Take attendance
1. Approve Agenda
1. Secretary's Report
1. Treasurer's Report
1. Vice President's Report
1. Director's Report
1. President's Report
1. Presentation: No presentation, a round table instead.
1. Old Business:
   - None
1. New Business
   - Club AGM
1. Show and Tell / Elmer Questions
   - AREDN in WCARC
1. Trade/Swap Sell
1. Closing - Final remarks
