---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the General Meeting on April 06, 2010
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.</BR>
       <BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


<Div style="position:relative;left:100px;">
	<table>
  	<tr>
   		<th>Name</th>
	   	<th>Call Sign</th>
	   	<th>Position</th>
	 	<th>MH Grid</th>
		<th>RAC</th>
		<th>WCARC</th>
  	</tr>

		<TR><TD>Barney Baker</TD><TD>VA3BGB</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ai</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Dean Denter</TD><TD>VA3CDD</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN15wl</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Tyler Tidman</TD><TD>VA3DGN</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ai</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Greg Speakman</TD><TD>VA3OMP</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>None</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR><TR><TD>Peter Jago</TD><TD>VA3PJ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ag</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Stan Madore</TD><TD>VA3SMM</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN15vz</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Harold Hamilton</TD><TD>VA3UNK</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25dj</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Margaret Tidman</TD><TD>VA3VXN</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>FN25ai</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR><TR><TD>Valentin Doroga</TD><TD>VA3WO</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ci</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Bert Zauhar</TD><TD>VE2ZAZ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25bk</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Barrie Crampton</TD><TD>VE3BSB</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>FN14vv</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR><TR><TD>Graham Ide</TD><TD>VE3BYT</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ch</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Ray Perrin</TD><TD>VE3FN</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>None</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>John Christensen</TD><TD>VE3IAO</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN15xi</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Murray Pierce</TD><TD>VE3IFP</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>None</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Bill Brown</TD><TD>VE3MMQ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN14pa</TD><TD>NO</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Doug Leach</TD><TD>VE3XK</TD><TD>VicePresident</TD><TD>FN15wg</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD><TD>VE3XRA</TD><TD>Secretary</TD><TD>FN15dj</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR><TR><TD>Alan MacPhee</TD><TD>VE3ZTU</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>FN15</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR>

	</table>
</div>
<br><br>


<Strong>Opening:</strong><br>
   The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.
<br><br>


<!--Secretary-->
   <Strong>Secretary's Report:</Strong>
   <br>
Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) reported the minutes of the previous meeting verbally as they had not been posted on the website before the meeting. Moved by Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) that the previous minutes as published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by VE3MMQ-Bill Brown. <BR><BR> Motion approved. <br><br><BR>


<!--SecretaryEnd-->

<!--Treasurer-->
   <Strong>Treasurer's Report:</Strong>
<br>
Acting as Treasurer Doug Leach(VE3XK) reported that at the Iroquois hamfest, he had sold $90 of the club's surplus equipment, netting $70 after expenses.  The club's balance remains roughly where it was the month before.  
<br><br>
<!--TreasurerEnd-->

<Strong>Old Business:</Strong>
<br>
        None<BR><BR>

<br>
<Strong>New Business:</Strong>
<br>
        The president invited discussion from members on efforts to improve the operations of the D-Star repeater. The status of the D-Star system is a standard item at WCARC meetings. Several WCARC members were instrumental in forming the informal Ottawa Amateur Radio Digital Group that successfully obtained grant financing to establish the system and they continue to operate it for the benefit of all amateurs in the region.  Recognizing that some expenses had already been incurred, Greg VA3OMB moved, seconded by John, VE3IAO, that the club provide OARDG with $157.  Several members noted that additional work was required.  Doug, VE3XK, seconded by John, VE3IAO moved an ammendment to increase the amount to $300.  The amendment carried 11 to 2.<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>General Reports:</Strong>
<br>
<br>
        Doug, VE3XK, reported that the beacons continue to operate nominally.  Because of the warm spring the semiannual adjustments required to maintain proper operating temperatures have been made earlier this year.<br><br>Glenn, VE3XRA, reported that work was continuing on the 5.8GHz telephones.<br><br>Bert, VE3ZAZ, commented on recent Earth-Moon-Earth communications at 432MHz using the Araceibo Radio Telescope in Puerto Rico.  Although only 60 watts transmitting power was used the 100 foot diameter antenna provided 60db gain making it easy for even modest stations to hear the signals.  He played recordings he had made of Araceibo transmission on SSB and CW.<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</Strong>
<br><br>
Ray Perrin VE3FN, our guest speaker, described amateur microwave communications.  His presentation is posted on the WCARC website.<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>Adjournment:</Strong>
<br>
The President stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. 
The meeting was closed at 21:00 hours.
