---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on November 18th, 2024 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name               | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------ | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Bertrand Zauhar    | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy       | VA3TEC    | President      | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell     | VE3CZO    | Director       | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro | VA3DRI    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin         | VE3FN     | Treasurer      | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Tom Zinck          | VA3NFA    | Visitor        |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Clayton Smith      | VE3IRR    | Member         | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Andrew Hart        | VE3NVK    | Visitor        |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Luc Pernot         | VE3JGL    | Member         | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |

### Opening
The meeting was opened by the Vice President Lawrence (VA3IQ), at 7:12 pm.
There were two visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the October 2024 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Lawrence (VA3IQ). An unanimous vote in favour took place, and the motion was carried.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) and Lawrence (VA3IQ) will work together on a schedule of legal activities and the agenda for the AGM.

### Treasurer's Report
- Due to the postal service strike, no monthly bank statement was received. Thus the Treasurer could not provide a monthly report.

### Vice President's Report
- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
  - Confirmed: None
  - Being Planned: One of our former Club president may talk about his ham experience in the USSR.
  - Lawrence (VA3IQ) asked those present to contact him if there are projects they would like to talk about.

### Director's Report
The director had nothing to report.

### President's Report
The President had nothing to report.

### Presentation(s):
- Mike (VA3TEC): A home-brew pole-mounted rover setup.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ): An IC-9700 smart switch and PTT multiplier.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ): An IC-705 and IC-905 rover setup using N1MM+.

### Old Business
- In-person meeting: The Vice President set up the in-person AGM and Christmas Party on December 16th in the RAC Headquarters board room, 720 Belfast Road, Suite 217, in Ottawa. We will meet at 5pm for room setup.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) would like to try setting up a MAD day on Saturday December 7th. We should decide on the location. Lawrence will send the details on the various forums.

### New Business
- For the AGM, we need to bring food and beverages. Lawrence will set up a zoom meeting to coordinate the AGM organization.

### Show and tell
None

### Ask the Club
None

### Adjournment
The Vice President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 9:10pm.
