---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on June 23rd, 2025 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Bertrand Zauhar     | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski  | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell     | VE3XRA    | Treasurer      | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro  | VA3DRI    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith       | VE3IRR    | Member         | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell      | VE3CZO    | Director       | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Larissa Reise       | VE3KGC    | Visitor        | FN14    | No    | -   |
| Ray Perrin          | VE3FN     | Member         | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Norman Siemens      | VE3NPP    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Malcolm Harper      | VE2NR     | Visitor        | FN35    | No    |  -  |
| Luc Pernot          | VE3JGL    | Member         | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund      | VE3AX     | Member         | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Andrew Hart         | VE3NVK    | Visitor        | FN25    | No    |  -  |

## Opening

The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Lawrence (VA3IQ), at 7:12 pm. There were three visitors attending the meeting.

### Meeting Agenda

The meeting agenda, which these meeting minutes rigorously follow, was published on the groups.io mail reflector prior to this meeting, and is reproduced below. Glenn (VE3XRA) moved that the agenda be adopted as published. Clayton (VE3IRR) seconded. A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Secretary's Report

- Bert did not publish minutes for the May meeting, as it ended up being an informal meeting. Moreover, another meeting took place the following week, an informal coordination round table to prepare for the June VHF Contest.
- Bert posted a draft version of the April 2025 regular meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted. The motion was seconded by Norman (VE3NPP). A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

- Glenn announced that the dues payment system is now operational. Since June 1st, seven people have paid via the Interac system. The 2025 dues are $30, payable as soon as possible. He added that few 2024 members have renewed so far.
- Glenn will take arrangements with Ray Burrell to compensate him for current and past expenditures he had incurred when moving our antenna gear to/from the VHF contest site.

### Vice President's Report

- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
   - July: Lawrence (VA3IQ) - N1MM+ radio/remote control functionality;
- Being Planned:
   - A presentation on the microwave Canadian Coastal Radar project.
   - Lawrence is looking for presenters for August and September.
- Lawrence mentioned that aluminum stock has become very expensive and some types of aluminum are currently unobtainable in the USA. This appears to be a side effect of the US tariffs policy. Some amateur radio antenna manufacturing companies are considering shutting down.

### Director's Report

The Director had nothing to report.

### President's Report

The President was not present.

### Presentation(s)

Clayton (VE3IRR): A summary of our 2025 June VHF Contest.

### Old Business

- June VHF Contest: Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported back on the VHF Contest organization. Item Closed.

### New Business

No new items.

### Show and tell

No items.

### Ask the Club

No questions were asked.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there was no further business. Randy (VE3AX) moved that the meeting be adjourned. Wayne (VE3CZO) seconded the motion. The meeting was adjourned at 8:13 pm.

---

### WCARC Regular Meeting Agenda

June 23rd, 2025

1. Call to Order @ 7 pm (Recording Reminder)
1. Opening Statements, Take attendance
1. Approve Agenda
1. Secretary's Report
1. Treasurer's Report
   1. Update on fee payments
1. Vice President's Report
1. Director's Report
1. President's Report
1. Presentation: Review of June 2025 Contest Efforts
1. Old Business
1. New Business
1. Elmer Questions
1. Trade/Swap Sell
1. Closing - Final remarks
