---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of April 4, 2006
date: 2017-01-30
---
<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The meeting was held in the
Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The following members and guests
were present: </span></p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom Zinck</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td>President</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick Bandla</td>
  <td>VE3CVG</td>
  <td>VP/Webmaster</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tim Evangelatos</td>
  <td>VE3MY</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dale Hennigar</td>
  <td>VE3XZT</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>John Christensen</td>
  <td>VE3IAO</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ed Blaser</td>
  <td>VE3LZV</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold Hamilton</td>
  <td>VA3UNK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Justin Schmidt-Clever</td>
  <td>VE3QYR</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Les McCready</td>
  <td>VA3BZQ</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Brad Smith</td>
  <td>VE3BSM</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Robin Webb</td>
  <td>VE3UIX</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Steve Attfield</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Ken Asmus, VA3KA, Treasurer, was
absent, working in the Great Canadian North.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>We were happy to have Ed Blaser,
VE3LZV, and Steve Attfield join with us as guests.&nbsp; Steve is working on
his amateur license.&nbsp; Introductions were made around the table.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Rick, VE3CVG, reported that the
website is up to date, and that the 903 MHz beacon is working well at NRC on
Montreal Road.&nbsp; The Maidenhead Grid location reported by the beacon will
be corrected in the near future.&nbsp; Graham, VE3BYT, noted that he can hear
the beacon at his QTH in Bells Corners on a 19&quot; vertical whip inside the
house.&nbsp; This is at a range of over 21 kilometres.<br>
Rick mentioned that there is a 2 Meter Sprint tonight.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Graham had nothing Secretarial to
report.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Brad, VE3BSM, reported that the
APRS systems are all working.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Tom, VA3NFA, noted that Al,
VO1NO, will coordinate the Field Day activities for the club.&nbsp; Al will
prepare a budget and plans for the event in conjunction with the South West
Lanark North Leeds ARES group.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Dale, VE3XZT, informed the group
that Manfred, VA3WK, is giving up his two repeaters (VA3IGS on 147.24 and
VE3KNA on 443.4 MHz).&nbsp; After discussion, the members decided that the club
should take over these repeaters.&nbsp; Hopefully they will be able to remain
at their current location.&nbsp; In view of the change in ownership, this
action will require a notice to Industry Canada and a request for coordination
to the Saint Lawrence Valley Repeater Council.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Rick, with Tom and Harold,
VA3UNK, gave an illustrated talk and demonstration of networking and amateur
radio communication on 2.4 GHz, using 802.11b/g computer networking equipment.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The next meeting will be on May
2, 2006 </span></p>


</div>

<P>Graham Ide VE3BYT Secretary.</P>
