---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on October 17th, 2022
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Vice President   | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Treasurer        | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Mark Biegler           | VA3CPB     | Member           | FN25be  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Member           | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |


### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:08 pm.
There were no visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report

Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the September 2022 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Karen (VA3IGO). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

- As of today, the September bank statement has not been received. As for changes from last month, three new membership fees ($90 total) were deposited in the savings account. There is also $2,000 which is split up into two term deposits. One has a maturity date of August 21st, 2023. The other one will mature on October 21st, 2022. We also have $15 in our "share accounts."
- There are 21 members as of today. There are also three life members.

### Vice President's Report

Meeting presentations:
- Scheduled:
   - At the November meeting, we will have a presentation on Ham Radio Science Citizen Investigation. The presentation will be given by a PhD student.
   - At the January meeting, we will have a presentation of a ham's story from an historical perspective.
- In planning:
   - A presentation on the technical side of POTA, such as recommendations on radios and antennas.
   - A presentation on transatlantic 2m communications.

### Director's Report

- Nothing to report.

### President's Report

- Zoom has sent out a notice about the Linux client. A key may be required to install updates. Those who use Zoom on Linux should check whether they need to take action.
- Application of privacy act vs. the Club's groups.io email reflector:  There is some thought that it would not be appropriate to subscribe members to the Club email reflector without their consent. Should the web application form be modified to make it explicit that they accept to be registered? The consensus is that if they write down their email in the form, that they consent to be registered in order to receive news from the Club. They can always unsubscribe manually if they wish.

### Presentation

None at this meeting.

### Old Business

- 902/1296 MHz Beacons: Bert (VE2ZAZ) has contacted Ying (VA3YH) again to see whether the beacons could be recovered from the YMCA site soon. Ying is trying to reach Jeff (VE3EFF) to get a contact name at the YMCA. There is currently no forecast on when it will be possible to recover the beacons.
- 432 MHz Yagi Antenna procurement: Bert (VE2ZAZ) has contacted Ken (VA3KA), a former Club member, to find out whether he had one UHF long boom antenna to sell to the Club. He will indeed have two 432 MHz long boom yagis for sale in the spring. Bert will contact him in March to remind him of our need.
- WCARC badges: Lawrence (VA3IQ) mentioned that no progress had been made on that matter since the last meeting.

### New Business

Leftover Club tower sections at VA3KA's place: Ken (VA3KA) informed the Club that there still were tower sections in storage on his property. These will have to get removed in the spring, at the latest. Wayne (VE3CZO) and Luc (VE3JGL) will visit Ken's place in November to inventory the tower sections.

### Show and tell

- Some members showed various items and projects that they are working on.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) provided a report on the NEAR-Fest fall hamfest in Deerfield, NH.
- Clayton (VE3IRR) provided a report on GRCon-22, the GNU Radio Conference that took place in late September.

### Ask the Club

A few members asked technical questions, and received valuable answers.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 9:07 pm.
