---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on January 21, 2019
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Chris Bisaillion       | VE3CBK     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Director         | FN25ac  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bob Harrington         | VE3YYG     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Andy Hart              | VE3NVK     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25dh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Georges-André Chaudron | VE2VAB     | Member           | FN25dl  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 19:00 hours.

### Secretary's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) introduced the minutes of the October meeting as posted on the WCARC website. Moved by the President that the minutes be approved, seconded by Remi (VA3DRI).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 13 paid up members and a bank balance of $108.47 plus the $3,058 term deposit.

### Vice President's Report

Nil.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

As the Vice-President position is currently vacant, Clayton (VE3IRR) asked if anyone present was interested in filling the position. Jeremy (VA3ZTF) showed his interest. As there were no other nominations, Jeremy was acclaimed.

As the position of Director became available with Jeremy taking the Vice-President position, Clayton (VE3IRR) asked for nominations. Andy (VE3NVK) showed his interest. As there were no other nominations, Andy was acclaimed.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) noted that someone reported there might be an issue with the 6m beacon. All of the other beacons are working fine.
Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that the WSPR beacon is working fine.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Bert (VE2ZAZ) mentioned that there have been no recent updates.
Clayton (VE3IRR) reported that the link between his node and the YMCA is back up.

### Speaker

Doug (VE3XK) gave a presentation on the use and care of the [WCARC test equipment](/equipment/).

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Jeremy (VA3ZTF) mentioned that his volunteer examiner status is up for renewal and was asking if the club would sponsor him.
* Robert (VE3BE) asked if there would be an interest in members lending their own test equipment and making a list of available equipment.
* Doug (VE3XK) commented that once the term deposit has reached maturity the club could invest in additional equipment such as a wire launcher, and interference detectors.
* Wayne (VE3CZO) announced that WCARC, OARC and OVMRC are invited to upcoming sessions for assembly of his Powerpole distribution kits. He also wanted to know if the club members would be interested in doing a battery monitor project.
* Georges-André (VE2VAB) talked about his plans for the Winter Field Day.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed the SDRplay RSP1A receiver.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:45.
