---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on October 20th, 2025 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Bertrand Zauhar     | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski  | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ted Reinhardt       | VE3EDE    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Tom Zinck           | VA3NFA    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy        | VA3TEC    | President      | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Andrew Hart         | VE3NVK    | Visitor        | FN25    | No    |  -  |
| Ray Perrin          | VE3FN     | Member         | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund      | VE3AX     | Member         | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |

## Opening

The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Lawrence (VA3IQ), at 7:15 pm. There was one visitor attending the meeting.

### Meeting Agenda

The meeting agenda, which these meeting minutes follow, was published on the Club website prior to this meeting, and is reproduced below. Bert (VE2ZAZ) moved that the agenda be adopted as published. Lawrence (VA3IQ) seconded. A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Secretary's Report

Bert posted a draft version of the September 2025 regular meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted. The motion was seconded by Mike (VA3TEC). A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

The Treasurer was absent.

### Vice President's Report

- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
   - November: Wayne (VE3CZO) - Selecting the right capacitor for an application.
- Being Planned (speakers shall provide a synopsis of their presentation to Lawrence):
   - Q65 on WSJT-X for UHF and above.
   - HamsOverIP and DMR linking by the folks of HamsOverIP Canada.
   - Mike (VA3TEC): IP400 Presentation.
   - Lawrence: Logging software acting as Rover controller.
- The Club's Annual General Meeting (AGM) will take place at the RAC headquarters on December 15th.

### Director's Report

The Director was absent.

### President's Report

- Mike (VA3TEC) offered to lend his newly acquired calibrated RF power measurement device to other Club members.

### Presentation(s)

Ted (VE3EDE): A Digital Beacon for Back-Country Activities

### Old Business

None.

### New Business

Bert (VE2ZAZ) mentioned that we would dispatch the actions in preparation for the AGM at the November meeting.

### Show and tell / Round Table

Ted (VE2EDE) gave a report on the AREDN work in the Western Ottawa area. Both Ted and Lawrence (VA3IQ) have set up nodes, and Tom (VA3NFA) is setting one up.

### Ask the Club

No questions were asked.

### Adjournment

The Vice President observed that there was no further business. Lawrence (VA3IQ) moved that the meeting be adjourned. Bert (VE2ZAZ) seconded the motion. The meeting was adjourned at 8:32 pm.

---

### WCARC Regular Meeting Agenda - October 20th, 2025

1. Call to Order @ 7 pm (Recording Reminder)
1. Opening Statements, Take attendance
1. Approve Agenda
1. Secretary's Report
1. Treasurer’s Report
1. Vice President’s Report
1. Director’s Report
1. President's Report
1. Presentation: Ted (VE3EDE): A digital Beacon for Back-Country Activities
1. Old Business:
   - None
1. New Business
   - Club AGM
1. Show and Tell / Elmer Questions
1. Trade/Swap Sell
1. Closing - Final remarks
