---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of July 5, 2005
date: 2017-01-30
---
<P>The group met in the Kanata Room at Sobey's.</P>
<P>The following members and guests were present (in random order):
<LI>Doug Leach VE3XK FN15wg 
<LI>Harold Hamilton VA3UNK FN25dg
<LI>Dean Denter VA3CDD FN15
<LI>Tom Zink VA3NFA FN25bh Pres 
<LI>John Christensen VE3IAO FN25xi 
<LI>Graham Ide VE3BYT FN25ch Secy 
<LI>Ken Asmus  VA3KA Treasurer
<LI>Les McCready  VA3BZQ
<LI>Brad Smith  VE3BSM
<LI>Dale Hennigar  VE3XLT
<LI>Manfred Kahle  VA3WK
<LI>Rene Kahle  VA3XK
<LI>Duane Avery  VA3ODD (guest)
<LI>Rick Bandla VE3CVG VPres/Web
</P>

<P>Ken, VA3KA, has booked the Kanata Room for August.  We'll try for a 
few months ahead.</P>

<P>Introductions were made around the room.  Duane, VA3ODD, 
suggested joint activities with other hobbies, and noted that OVMRC, 
the Ottawa Valley Mobile Radio Club, has a trailer.</P>

<P>Ken gave a financial report.  Costs include RAC insurance, 
registration of the WCC domain name, and memberships in Amsat 
and Tapr.</P>

<P>The 903 MHz beacon is no longer on the Lee Valley Building at 
Greenbank and the Queensway.  Currently it is Tom's, VA3NFA, 
basement.  A new site will have to be found, preferably a central 
location in the area.</P>

<P>Doug, VE3XK, mentioned the Canada Day Contest.  In the June VHF 
contest Ken did very well, and his best ever.  Bob, VE3KZ, had only 
one more contact.  The Rover helps a lot for contacts.  Tom worked 6 
grids with good conditions including a thunderstorm.  One mast fell 
over on the van.  One more rover would be useful.  Schedules should 
be made for contacts on 2 meters simplex.  Tom is going to describe 
his rover operations at the OVMRC.</P>

<P>Brad, VE3BSM, says that APRS is restructuring.  144.390 is too 
congested in some areas, with too many repeats.  </P>

<P>Manfred reported 8 full time users.  It was born of necessity as users 
in the boonies were getting about 24K on dialup on a good day.</P>

<P>Rick, VE3CVG, suggested 10 GHz equipment be considered for the 
next club project.</P>

<P>Dale, VE3XLT, mentioned the new digital audio box for around $300-
$400 made by AOR.  Several members are interested in experimenting 
with this mode.</P>

<P>The meeting adjourned at around 9:20PM.</P>

<P>The next meeting will be on Aug.2, 2005</P>

<P>Graham Ide VE3BYT Secretary.</P>
