---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on May 5, 2015
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


  <TABLE>
  
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Dean Denter</TD>
    <TD>VA3CDD</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25wl</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Ying Hum</TD>
    <TD>VA3YH</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Bertrand Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Dave Goodwin</TD>
    <TD>VE3AAQ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>




     <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
      <TD>Dick Bonnycastle</TD>
      <TD>VE3FUA</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25ci</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>No</TD></TR>



    <TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>



 <TR>
    <TD>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

 <TR>
    <TD>Dave Conn</TD>
    <TD>VE3KL</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Dave Harris</TD>
    <TD>VE3KMV</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>



    <TR>
    <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

     <TR>
    <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


   <TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
     <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  
</TABLE>


<BR><br>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The meeting was opened by President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 19:30 hours. He welcomed visitor, Dick Bonnycastle (VE3FUA) our guest speaker.
<BR><br>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the April meeting. It was moved by the Secretary, that the minutes be approved. Seconded by
Doug Leach (VE3XK). Carried.
  <br><br>
<STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
In the absence of the Treasurer, the Secretary reported that the current bank balance was about $599 and the club has 17 paid up members.<br>
<br>
<strong>Vice President's Report</strong>
<br>The Vice Present, Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that Greg Milley (VA3ITB) had donated a 30' tower to the club to go along with the 3 rotators that he had previously
donated. This equipments will be used at the June VHF contest and other club activities. This prompted comments of appreciation from many members and led to the
following motion by Dave Goodwin (VE9CB, VE3AAQ) that the Club express its gratitude to Greg Milley (VA3ITB) for his exceptional generosity by presenting him with a
plaque of appreciation. Seconded by Richard Ferch (VE3KI). Carried.
<br><br>
 <strong>Old Business:</strong><br>
Nil<br><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>Nil.<br><br>
<strong>Reports and Project Updates:</strong><br><br>
<strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that the 4 lower beacons would soon be installed on the tower of Richard Ferch (VE3KI). The cabinet containing the beacon electronics would be located
indoors, a major advantage over the arrangement used previously as it solved both temperature control and access issues associated with the previous outdoor arrangement.
The only additional equipment required for the installation would be surge suppressors. Doug made the following motion: That the club purchase appropriate surge protectors
at a cost of about $125 (allowing for currency exchange variations). Seconded by Peter Jago (VA3PJ). Carried.<br>
<br>
<strong>D-STAR </strong>
<br>Ying Hum reported that the D-STAR network was operating well.<br><br>
<strong>Broadband Hamnet</strong>
<br>Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) reported further developments, in particular exploring the use of 5.8 GHz links for longer paths and to take advantage of lower interference
levels on this band.
<br><br>
<strong>Ramsey Lasers</strong><br>
  Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) distributed the laser kits he had ordered on behalf of club members. He reported that he had no difficulty assembling and testing the transmitter
and receiver modules and confirming their operation. He estimated that most should be able to complete this in about 2 hours.<br>
<br><br>
<strong>Announcements:</strong><br>
  Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) reminded members that the Raspberry Pi Boot Camp organized by Tyler Tidman (VE3DGN) would take place Saturday May 23 at Algonquin College.
    <br><br>
    Doug (VE3XK) invited suggestions from members for projects the club could undertake.
<br><br>

<strong>Presentation:</strong><br>
  Dick Bonnycastle gave us a talk entitled &quot;Using rechargeable Batteries for Ham Radio Applications&quot; that summarized the characteristics of available technologies and
discussed the advantages and disadvantages of each. His presentation is posted on the <a href="../presentations.html">WCARC website</a>.
<br><br>


<STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>
President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:30 hrs.
