---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of December 5, 2006
date: 2017-01-30
---
<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The meeting was held in the
Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.</span></p>


<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The following members and guests
were present: </span></p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom
  Zinck</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td>President</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick
  Bandla</td>
  <td>VE3CVG</td>
  <td>VPres/Webmaster</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ken
  Asmus</td>
  <td>VA3KA</td>
  <td>Treasurer</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tim
  Evangelatos</td>
  <td>VE3MY</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Brad
  Smith</td>
  <td>VE3BSM</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug
  Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dale
  Hennigar</td>
  <td>VE3XZT</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Phil
  St. Germain</td>
  <td>VE3CIQ</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Al
  Penney</td>
  <td>VO1NO</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>John
  Christensen</td>
  <td>VE3IAO</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Les
  McCready</td>
  <td>VA3BZQ</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold
  Hamilton</td>
  <td>VA3UNK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Steve
  Attfield</td>
  <td>VA3SAX</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Brian
  Jeffrey</td>
  <td>VE3UU</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ed
  Blaser</td>
  <td>VE3LZU</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney
  Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom
  Bartello</td>
  <td>VE3ELM</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick
  Furniss</td>
  <td>VE3IHI</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dean
  Denter</td>
  <td>VA3CDD</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham
  Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>This looked like a record turnout
in the recent history of the club.<br>
As each of us arrived on scene, we picked a number to set our turn for choosing
a prize from among all the goodies on the table.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>President Tom, VA3NFA, indicated
the agenda for the evening: the year in
review, notes on the constitution, election of officers, new business, and
prizes and refreshments.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Ken, VA3KA, reported that the
finances are in solid shape, with membership dues coming in for the new
year. All bills are paid. Also, the club has its largest membership
for some years. Ken will present a
complete picture in January.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Rick, VE3CVG, reported that the
WCARC web site now includes a list of members with their Maidenhead Grid
locations.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Graham, VE3BYT, noted that the
minutes for the November meeting are up on the web site. </span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Tom, in looking over the past
year, reminded everyone that<br>
 - Membership is at a high level.<br>
 - We have a good web site, thanks to
Rick, VE3CVG.<br>
 - We have a good turnout for VHF
contests.<br>
 - Field Day 2006 was a great success,
largely thanks to Al, VO1NO.<br>
 - APRS and packet installations are
working well, thanks to Brad, VE3BSM.<br>
 - The club has a series of VHF/UHF
beacons on the air or in preparation.<br>
 - The club has 144 and 440 MHz
repeaters, donated by Manfred, VA3WK.<br>
 - We have had some interesting
technical and other presentations, and will continue this effort into 2007.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Dale, VE3XZT, reported that the
Hamtronics controller on the 2 Metre repeater went out and needs a new PROM
programmed.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Tom stated that the WCARC was
incorporated in Ontario in 1980 as a not-for-profit corporation. We need, but do not have, a copy of the
constitution. It will be reviewed for
continuing appropriateness when we can obtain a copy. Probably at that time we can count on a review committee headed
by Brian, VE3UU.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Election of Officers. The current officers were voted back into
office for another term, there being no other candidates demanding to be
nominated. <br>
N=nominated by, S=seconded by<br>
President: Tom, VA3NFA. N VO1NO S VE3BSM<br>
Vice President, Rick, VE3CVG. N VE3XK S VE3IAO<br>
Treasurer, Ken, VA3KA. N VE3CVG S VA3NFA<br>
Secretary, Graham, VE3BYT. N VO1NO S VA3NFA</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>It was generally agreed that to
keep club activities functioning smoothly, certain Committee Chairpersons and
Coordinators need to be appointed. The
first of these are <br>
Dale, VE3XZT, Chairman, Repeaters and Beacons.<br>
Al, VO1NO, Chairman, Presentations and Programs.<br>
Brad, VE3BSM, Chairman, APRS and Packet Facilities.<br></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Appointment of the above-noted
Chairmen/Coordinators was approved on a motion by Tom, VA3NFA, seconded by
Steve, VA3SAX.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Other committees will be
designated as and when required, including a committee to review and make
recommendations on the constitution and by laws.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>President Tom, VA3NFA, is keen to
implement club beacons on the 222 and 432 MHz bands. To this end, the club approved an expenditure of up to $250 to
purchase equipment for the 432 band beacon. One possibility is a transverter available from Rick, VE3CVG, driven by
an HTX-100 or some such 10 Metre transceiver or transmitter. Tom will consider this equipment and other
alternatives and decide on what he wants to do.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>There being no further business,
the meeting adjourned to the choosing of prizes by members in turn, much
merriment and refreshments. Refreshments were dealt with while ragchewing - a very neat trick that
everyone managed quite well. A very
pleasant time was had by all.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Thanks to Rick and other
contributors for gathering the prizes and to Tom for bringing the refreshments.<br>
<br>
The next meeting will be on <span style='color:navy'>January 2</span>, 2007.</span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Graham Ide VE3BYT&nbsp;<br>
Secretary.</span></p>

<p><A href="../presentations/00_wcarc2006christmas.html">Pictures from this Meeting</A></p>

</div>
