layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on May 13th, 2024 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy           | VA3TEC     | President        | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Vice President   | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Norman Siemens         | VE3NPP     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Diane Bruce            | VA3DB      | visitor          | FN25    | No    | Yes |
| Larissa Reise          | VE3KGC     | Visitor          | FN14    | No    |  -  |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Treasurer        | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Member           | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Leo Yoshinaka          | VA3CZZ     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |

### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Mike Kennedy (VA3TEC), at 7:12 pm.
There were three visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the April 2024 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Randy (VE3AX). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
- Ray (VE3FN) reported: I just received the latest statement from our bank.  It shows that as of the end of April, we had $15.00 in our Share Account, $3,029.29 in our Daily Banking Account, and $2,185.44 in our Term Deposit.  This represents an increase of $0.12 from last month. Two cheques have been written but they have not yet been charged to our bank account. These should appear in our statement for May.
- The Club currently has 20 regular (paid) members and 3 life members.

### Vice President's Report
- Upcoming presentations:
    - Confirmed:
        - June: Clayton (VE3IRR), Summary of our VHF contest participation.
        - September: Craig Delmage (VE3OP), The new RAC radio station
    - In planning:
        - Wayne (VE3CZO), The USB serial bus
        - Later this summer, Ultra-VLF
        - October: Summary of the 2024 Microwave Update Conference
        - Peterborough ARC: Their AREDN network
    - Please contact Lawrence if there are projects you would like to talk about.
- Lawrence is working on having a Club breakfast on Saturday May 25th, again at Zak's Diner.

### Director's Report
The director had nothing to report.

### President's Report
The President had nothing to report.

### Presentation(s):
None, as this meeting was allocated to the WCARC's participation in the ARRL June VHF Contest.

### Old Business
- Constitution and bylaws discussion: Norman (VE3NPP) briefly described the exercise. In summary, we are forced to change our Club constitution and bylaws. He ran the bylaws builder tool provided on the Ontario Not-for-Profit Corporations Act (ONCA) website to produce a customized template. Then Norman, along with Bert (VE2ZAZ), added in our existing constitution and bylaw clauses. The Officers will meet on that topic on April 14th to revise the proposed document. Then we will organize a special meeting to have all members vote on it. The entire process should be completed by October 14th, 2024.
- ARRL June VHF contest: A lengthy discussion was held in preparation for our participation in the 2024 ARRL June VHF Contest, which will take place from June 7th to June 10th.

### New Business
- Mike (VA3TEC) proposed to build a "Gin Pole" to help raise/lower our towers during the VHF contest.

### Show and tell
Lawrence (VA3IQ) - The Northeast VHF/UHF/Microwave Conference. There were eight hams from Eastern-Ontario and Western-Quebec who were present. They had a lot of fun and had great conversations.

### Ask the Club
No questions were asked.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 9:45pm.
