---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 7, 2016
---

The meeting was held in the Kanata Room at Sobey's, on the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|:---:|:-----:|
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Graham Ide       | VE3BYT    | Member         | FN25ch  | YES |  YES  |
| Wayne Getchell   | VE3CZO    | Member         | FN25    | YES |  YES  |
| Richard Ferch    | VE3KI     | Member         | FN25ce  | YES |  YES  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice-President | FN25bf  | YES |  YES  |
| Clare Fowler     | VE3NPC    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | YES |  YES  |
| Bob Harrington   | VE3YYG    | Visitor        | FN25bh  | YES |       |
| Graham Collins   | VE3GTC    | Member         | FN25ig  | YES |  YES  |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours.
There was one visitor - VE3YYG.

### Secretary's Report

The Secretary, (VE3AX), introduced the minutes of the May meeting.
Moved by the Secretary (VE3AX) that the minutes be approved; seconded by Doug (VE3XK).
Motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Nil.

### Vice President's Report

The meeting location and speakers have all been booked till December. The speaker for July will be Clayton (VE3IRR) and he will present a recap for the June contest.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Clayton showed the results of the project survey.

### Old Business

Glenn (VE3XRA) gave an update on the APRS project.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

No issues.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

No big changes.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements

* Randy (VE3AX) mentioned that a new low cost SDR rig was coming out. The RS-HFIQ. Also mentioned new WSPR software created by a Quebec Ham VA2GKA.
* Rich (VE3KI) mentioned that there were 2 new special event callsigns available for Canada’s 150th birthday. CF and CG prefixes.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) gave an update on the Robotics competition. The parents and teachers seemed interested in Ham Radio. Glenn also talked about a new SDR receiver caller Airspy and his trip to the Hamvention in Dayton, Ohio.
* Doug (VE3XK) announced that the club was given 2 DMX towers.

### Program

Tonight’s talk was the final preparations for the June contest.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:55.
