---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the General Meeting on February 03, 2009
date: 2017-01-30
---
<p>As usual, prior to the meeting a few gathered for an enjoyable dinner at the local Swiss Chalet Restaurant.</p>
       <p>The meeting was held in Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive.</p>
       <p>The following people were present:</p>

<Div div style="position=relative;left:100px;">
<table>
  <tr>
   <th>
    <p><b>Name</b></p>
   </th>
   <th>
    <p><b>Call Sign</b></p>
   </th>
   <th>
    <p><b>Position</b></p>
   </th>
   <th>
    <p><b>MH Grid</b></p>
   </th>
   <th>
    <p><b>RAC</b></p>
   </th>
   <th>
    <p><b>WCARC</b></p>
   </th>
  </tr>

<TR><TD>Dean Denter</TD><TD>VA3CDD</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN15wl</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Tyler Tidman</TD><TD>VA3DGN</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>FN25</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Ken Asmus</TD><TD>VA3KA</TD><TD>Treasurer</TD><TD>FN15wg</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Peter Jago</TD><TD>VA3PJ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Harold Hamilton</TD><TD>VA3UNK</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25dj</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Bert Zauhar</TD><TD>VE2ZAZ</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25</TD><TD>NO</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Graham Ide</TD><TD>VE3BYT</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25ch</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>John Christensen</TD><TD>VE3IAO</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>FN15xi</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Andy Hart</TD><TD>VE3NVK</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN25bh</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Travis Hein</TD><TD>VE3THZ</TD><TD>Guest</TD><TD>FN15</TD><TD>NO</TD><TD>NO</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Doug Leach</TD><TD>VE3XK</TD><TD>VicePresident</TD><TD>FN15wg</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Glen MacDonell</TD><TD>VE3XRA</TD><TD>Member</TD><TD>FN15dj</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>
<TR><TD>Al Penney</TD><TD>VO1NO</TD><TD>President</TD><TD>FN24cw</TD><TD>YES</TD><TD>YES</TD></TR>

</table>
</div>
<br><br>

<Strong>Opening:</strong><br><br>
   The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. Barney VA3BGB,
Secretary, and Rick VE3CVG Webmaster were absent. Al VO1NO, welcomed
our guests, and everyone IDed themselves around the table.
<br><br>

<Strong>Reports:</Strong>
<br><br>
<Strong> - Secretary:</Strong>
<br><br>
The minutes of the January meeting were
approved - Motion VE3BYT, Seconded VE3XK.
<br><br>
<Strong> - Treasurer:</Strong>
<br><br>
Ken, VA3KA, reported that the club has 20 paid members.
<br><br>

<p><u><span style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>Beacons Project</span></u><span
style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Doug,
VE3XK, reported he had installed a heater and thermostat in the beacons
housing, and now the internal temperature is quite stable.<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The caps on the ventilators will need to be
opened or closed occasionally each year.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>The Beacon frequencies
are: 50.009 MHz, 144.297 MHz, 222.068 MHz, 432.358 MHz and 903.365 MHz. The first four of
these are located at VE3XK, FN15wg.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<Strong>Note:</Strong>
             Expenses recently incurred on the Beacon project will be addressed at the March meeting.


<p><span style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>Al reminded everyone
about the June contest.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Our group was
#1 in Canada last year, operating portable near Cobourg ON.<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Al will give a presentation to those who are
interested in participating this year.<o:p></o:p></span></p>


<p><u><span style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>Balloon Project</span></u><span
style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>: Graham, VE3BYT, brought members up to date on
the potential high-altitude balloon project, slated possibly for this
spring.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Graham noted that while quite a
few members and others have expressed an academic interest in the project, very
few have indicated they will work actively on it.<span style="mso-spacerun:
yes">&nbsp; </span>Nobody has shown any interest in tracking and recovering the
flight package.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Given these
considerations, he would not at this time ask the Club to support the project
financially.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>To make it a reality, some
financial support would be necessary to offset the cost of a balloon and
helium.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The project is being put on a
back burner at present, with some hope that it might be possible to send up an
instrumented balloon in the fall of 2009.<o:p></o:p></span></p>


<p><span style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>The antenna for the
IRLP link on the club repeaters has been installed at John's QTH, VE3IAO.<o:p></o:p></span></p>


<p><span style='mso-ansi-language:EN-US'>Graham mentioned that
the coordinated status for VE3DVQ at Lavant is suspended and soon subject to
being revoked, as no Technical Information Report has been filed with the Saint
Lawrence Valley Repeater Council.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>In
fact, no reports have been provided to the Council for DVQ since 2003.<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>It was pointed out that this repeater is not
WCARC's but is one of the stable of repeaters belonging to the Lanark North
Leeds ARES Group, based in Perth.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

                 Al gave a rundown on
the numerous upcoming events and contests. Members may refer to the WCARC web site for detailed information. Notably, the Nearfest is scheduled for May 1 and 2.
<br><br>

<Strong>Other Business:</Strong>
<br><br>
                   Travis, VE3THZ, brought a large box full of radio books and donated them to the WCARC. Doug, VE3XK, will catalogue these and make them available on loan to club members. Many thanks, Travis!
<br><br>

<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</Strong>
<br><br>
	 The group watched the very interesting DVD of the 2006 3Y0X DXpedition to Peter I Island (Norwegian) off the coast of Antarctica.  The expedition members spent 2 weeks at the island, and the effort generated 86,888 QSOs on bands from 160 M to 2 M !!  The website commemorating the event is at <a href="http://www.peterone.com/">http://www.peterone.com/</a>.  This site has many interesting photographs and videos.
<br><br>

<Strong>Closing:</Strong>
<br><br>
                    The next meeting will be on Tuesday, March 3, 2009.
<br><br>

<p><span style='mso-ansi-language:
EN-US'>Graham Ide, VE3BYT, for<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span style='mso-ansi-language:
EN-US'>Barney Baker, VA3BGB, Secretary WCARC.<o:p></o:p></span></p>
