---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on October 2, 2012
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox 
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

</p>
<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE 
 
cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=6 valign='center"' halign="center">
  <TBODY>
  <TR bgColor=#cccccc>
    <TH 
>Name</TH>
    <TH 
>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH 
>Position</TH>
    <TH 
>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH 
>RAC</TH>
    <TH 
>WCARC</TH></TR>
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Barney Baker</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3BGB</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Dean Denter</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3CDD</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN15wl</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
 
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Stan Madore</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3SMM</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN15vf</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR 
>
    
    
    <TD 
>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Director</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR 
>
    
    <TD 
>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
      <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Rick Bandla</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CVG</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25hm</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Wayne Getchel</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
    
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>John Christensen</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IAO</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN15</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>David Conn</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3KL</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25vh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Andrew Hart</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD 
>VP</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Gordon Dewis</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XGD</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
    
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25wg</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD 
>Secretary</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Bryan Campbell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3ZRK</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25di</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
    
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Al 
      Penney</TD>
    <TD 
>VO1NO</TD>
    <TD 
>President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN24cw</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
<TD 
>YES</TD></TR></TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The meeting was opened by President Al Penney (VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. <BR>
  The President welcomed five guests:  John Christensen (VE3IAO), Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), Dave Conn (VE3KL), Wayne Getchel (VE3CZO) and Bryan Campbel (VE3ZRK). <BR>
  <BR>
  <BR><!Secretary><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  Secretary Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the previous meeting, that had been posted on the club website.<br>
  Moved by Glenn (VE3XRA) that the  minutes  as posted be approved. Seconded by Graham Ide (VE3BYT). <BR>Motion approved. 
  <BR><BR><BR><!SecretaryEnd><!Treasurer><STRONG>Treasurer's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  In the absence of the Treasurer, the President, Al (VO1NO) reported on the club's financial situation. The table staffed by Ken (VA3KA), Rick (VE3CVG) and others, at the Carp Hamfest 
in September had provided a small increase to the club's finances, but otherwise there had been no significant changes since the last Treasure's report.</p>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>President's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  <BR>
  <BR>
  <BR>
  <!SecretaryEnd>
  <!Treasurer>
  <STRONG>Webmaster's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR> 
    The Webmaster, Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) noted that the WCARC website now contains the minutes for the past 8 years of club meetings.
</p>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Old 
    Business:</STRONG> <BR>
  None</p>
<p><BR>
  <strong>New Business:</strong>:<br>
  None</p>
<p> <BR>
  <STRONG>General Reports and Announcements:</STRONG><br>
  <BR>
  <strong>Beacons</strong><BR>
  Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that the WCARC beacons (6m, 2m, 1.25m, 70cm) continue to operate with no changes, no problems and the ventilation had been adjusted to the winter mode.<BR><BR>
  <strong>D-STAR<br>
</strong>Rick Bandla noted that the D-STAR repeater continued to work well now that the computer issue had been corrected and there was considerable local D-STAR activity.</p>
<p><STRONG>Presentations:</STRONG> <BR>
  Bert (VE2ZAZ) gave us an interesting presentation on automating instrument measurements and demonstrated the Raspberry Pi computer system he used..

  <BR><BR>
  <STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>
  The President stated 
  that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:45 hours.
