---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on September 21st, 2020 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Raj Thukral            | VA3RZT     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Member           | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Darren Hodder          | VE3HOD     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Andrew Hart            | VE3NVK     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes   | Yes |

### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 19:10.
No visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report
Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the August 2020 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Mike (VE3MKX). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
- Robert (VE3BE) reported 25 paid up members for 2020 and a bank balance of $1427.80. There is also $2,000 which is split up into 2 term deposits. One will mature on October 20th. The other one has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021.
- Karen (VA3IGO) suggested that any renewal of the deposits be made at the Manitoba Credit Union, as it yields a higher interest rate, and that this could be done through the Alterna Bank. Robert explained that the two-signature approval we currently have at Alterna would make this a complex process, not worth the effort considering the current low interest rates.
- Approval authority (Officers' signature) for the Club's Alterna bank account will have to be updated after the December officer election.

### Vice President's Report
- Jeremy (VA3ZTF) confirmed that there are no meetings in City of Ottawa locations planned for the time being. The Club got refunded for 3 months by the City. It is likely that we will resume meeting in person only in the mid-2021.
- Two Officer positions will be up for election in December: Vice President and Treasurer. The current Officers will not run again for their respective positions. Members are informed of this three months ahead of the election so that it helps with their preparation/reflection.
- Jeremy is working on ensuring that there are speakers booked for each Club meeting until the January meet (inclusive). The newly elected Vice President will take over the duties after that date.

### Director's Report
Wayne (VE3CZO) took over management of the Club-owned test equipment loaning process. He asks that the members feel free to reach him via email if one needs to borrow such equipment. Wayne is currently checking the equipment to ensure that it is fully operational. He is also updating the associated documentation.

### President's Report
Charles (VA3CPY) is soliciting members for suggestions of Club activities, with the current pandemic situation kept in mind.

### Speaker
Lawrence (VA3IQ) - SO2R (Single Operator 2 Radios)

### Old Business
- Bert (VE2ZAZ): Confirmed having submitted the Ontario non-for-profit status update forms by mail back in July. Wayne (VE3CZO) recommended that we always keep our status updated with the latest officer names. The update form will thus be sent after the upcoming December election.

### New Business

#### 2021 Membership Fees
- In the context of the pandemic, one consideration would be to grant a rebate on the membership fee to existing Club members, or even to waive the fee entirely.
- Treasurer Robert (VE3BE): The 2020 Club expenses are primarily the RAC insurance and dues. There were no expenses to cover a VHF Contest, and there are no meeting room fees. Moreover, Charles (VA3CPY) is currently covering the Zoom conference fees.
- Considering the current low expenditure level, Vice President Jeremy (VA3ZTF) suggested that the Club waive the 2021 fees for current members only. The Officers agreed to put forward a proposal on that matter at the October meeting. They will then request for a member vote on that proposal at the November meeting.
- Treasurer Robert (VE3BE) will check whether our Alterna bank account can accept electronic transfers (via email, for example) for future fee collection.

#### Zoom Meeting Fees
- Vice President Jeremy (VA3ZTF) suggested that the Club covers the Zoom meeting fees. As the yearly subscription cost is of less than $250, the Officers agreed right away that Charles (VA3CPY) convert his monthly subscription to a yearly subscription, and that he invoice the Club to get a refund for the yearly subscription.

### Reports / Club Project Updates

#### Beacons
From Robert (VE3BE): Robert reported that the beacons are now repaired and back operational at the Boltwood observatory. It is understood and accepted that the Club will postpone the beacon relocation to the Deifenbunker to the spring of 2021.

#### Mesh Network
From Bert (VE2ZAZ): Mesh Networking activity is currently low in the Ottawa/Gatineau area. In the greater-Montr√©al area, there is some ongoing exploration activity. Bert receives emails and phone calls every now and then from hams seeking answers or recommendations.

### Show and Tell / Announcements
- Mike (VE3MKX) suggested that we meet every few weeks on Zoom to discuss projects (an informal, round-table meet). Charles then offered to set up a Zoom meeting time slot whenever needed for that activity.
- Wayne (VE3CZO) showed an N-connector version of the Nano-VNA. The frequency range reaches 3 GHz. It offers a 4-inch touch LCD display. The overall quality is good. It is compatible with all existing Nano-VNA software. It sells for 130 Canadian dollars.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there were no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 21:28.
