---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on May 3, 2016
---
<p>The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>

<table>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th><th>MH Grid</th><th>RAC</th><th>WCARC</th></tr>
  <tr><td>Glenn MacDonell</td><td>VE3XRA</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Graham Ide</td><td>VE3BYT</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ch</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Peter Jago</td><td>VA3PJ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ag</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Richard Ferch</td><td>VE3KI</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ce</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Dean Denter</td><td>VA3CDD</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15wl</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Doug Leach</td><td>VE3XK</td><td>Vice President</td><td>FN25bf</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Clare Fowler</td><td>VE3NPC</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Clayton Smith</td><td>VE3IRR</td><td>President</td><td>FN25ai</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Randy Nordlund</td><td>VE3AX</td><td>Secretary</td><td>FN25jg</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bert Zauhar</td><td>VE2ZAZ</td><td>Director</td><td>FN25bk</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Andy Hart</td><td>VE3NVK</td><td>Treasurer</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Paul Boltwood</td><td>VE3PLE</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bg</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ying Hum</td><td>VA3YH</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25dk</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Rick Bandla</td><td>VE3CVG</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25hm</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Duane Avery</td><td>VA3ODD</td><td>Visitor</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

<br>
<br>
<strong>Opening:</strong>
<br>
The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed one visitor: Duane Avery (VA3ODD).
<br>
<br>

<strong>Secretary's Report:</strong>
<br>
The Secretary, Randy (VE3AX), introduced the Minutes of the April meeting.
Moved by the Secretary, Randy (VE3AX) that the Minutes be approved; seconded by Doug (VE3XK).
Motion was carried.
<br>
<br>

<strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong>
<br>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current bank balance was $703 and the club
has 17 paid up members. $110.00 will be taken out of the bank to pay for the contest site rental.
<br>
<br>

<strong>Vice President's Report</strong>
<br>
The Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that
the 2m beacon is behaving itself but help will be needed to lower the tower at one point during the
summer in order to verify the connections.
<br>
<br>
The $110 cheque has been received by the Corkery Community Association. The site is reserved from
Friday afternoon till Monday morning. Setup can start only after 12pm on Friday afternoon.
<br>
<br>
<strong>Director's Report: </strong>
<br>
Nil.
<br>
<br>
<strong>President's Report: </strong>
<br>
Nil.
<br>
<br>
<strong>Old Business:</strong>
<br>
Glenn talked about the APRS digipeater. There seems to be some interest is getting it back
on the air. VE3HYS has access to a CBC site and it might be possible to install it on the
same site as the OARC repeater. He has verified with the site lawyers to see if it could
be added (under the OARC nam
<br>
<br>
<strong>New Business: </strong>
<br>
Nil.
<br>
<br>

<strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong>
<br>
Beacons
<br>
Rick (VE3CVG) indicated that the 903MHz and 1296MHz beacons were off the air for 2 weeks because of a faulty connector.
<br>
<br>
D-STAR
<br>
Ying advised that a 13.8 vdc power supply was down for a day so the D-Star repeater was unavailable during this time. A reset of the power supply fixed the problem.
<br>
<br>
Broadband Hamnet
<br>
No big changes. Some new users have been added so the mesh is still growing.
<br>
Duane and Tom are connected with each other. They are trying to get more stations in Stittsville to join.
<br>
Clayton announced that a new version of BBHN is available for the Pi.
<br>
An antenna at the Y was moved by the wind and required re-alignment.
<br>
<br>
<strong>Announcements</strong>
<br>
Glenn (VE3XRA) shared with the group that a local company is looking to rent tower space to provide 5 GHz Internet service.
<br>
<br>
Bert (VE2ZAZ) announced that he will be giving a talk at the Outaouais Radio Club and the subject will be BBHN.
<br>
<br>
Rick (VE3CVG) and Glenn (VE3XRA) talked about the Super Conference held in Sterling, Va.
<br>
<br>
<strong>Program</strong>
<br>
Our speaker was Bert (VE2ZAZ) and the subject was Myths about ESD.
<br>
<br>
<strong>Adjournment</strong>
<br>
The President stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:55 hours.
