---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 2, 2015
---
<p>The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>

<table>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th><th>MH Grid</th><th>RAC</th><th>WCARC</th></tr>
  <tr><td>Barney Baker</td><td>VA3BGB</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ai</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Greg Milley</td><td>VA3ITB</td><td>Visitor</td><td>FN25</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td>Peter Jago</td><td>VA3PJ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ag</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bertrand Zauhar</td><td>VE2ZAZ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bk</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Randy Nordlund</td><td>VE3AX</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25jg</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Graham Ide</td><td>VE3BYT</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ch</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wayne Getchell</td><td>VE3CZO</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Clayton Smith</td><td>VE3IRR</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ai</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Richard Ferch</td><td>VE3KI</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ce</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Clare Fowler</td><td>VE3NPC</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Andy Hart</td><td>VE3NVK</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Paul Boltwood</td><td>VE3PLE</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bg</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Doug Leach</td><td>VE3XK</td><td>Vice President</td><td>FN25bf</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Glenn MacDonell</td><td>VE3XRA</td><td>Secretary</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
</table>

<p><br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>
  The
  meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3XK), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed  one visitor, Greg Milley (VA3ITB).<br>
  He then presented Greg with a plaque thanking him for the significant contribution he has made that helped the club undertake VHF contests closer to home.  He noted that much of the equipment used for the June contests in earlier years belonged to the previous President and became unavailable when he retired and left Ottawa.  Greg lent the club 3 rotators for last year's contest and this year and donated rotators and a 30' tower to the club.
</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary--><strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the May meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary, seconded by  Randy Nordlund (VE3AX), that the minutes be approved.<br>
  Carried.
  <br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer--><strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong> <br>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current bank balance after expenses for the June ARRL contest and  the beacons was $254. The club had 17 paid up members.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Vice President's Report<br>
  </strong>The Vice Present Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that  speakers had been selected for the balance of the year. The speaker at the June meeting will be the President who will present a report on the VHF contest. That meeting  will also consider suggestions for club projects for the balance of the year. He encouraged members to get their suggestions to him before the meeting. <!--TreasurerEnd-->
<p>
<!--President--><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>
Nil. </p>
<!--PresidentEnd-->
<br>

<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Nil.<p><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>
Nil.</p><br>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates<br>
  <br>
</strong><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that the beacons had been taken down and moved but not yet installed. Some repairs will be completed before installation including replacement of transistors in the 6m beacon. They have been ordered. Plans called for installation  after the June VHF contest at Richard Ferch&rsquo;s QTH (FN25ce)</p>
<p><strong>Broadband Hamnet</strong><br>
Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) reported that Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) and Dave Harris (VE3KMV) pointed the main downtown 2.4GHz antenna   in his direction  to try that path. The link was up and down but not as solid as the link to Clayton&rsquo;s QTH although the  path lenght to his QTH is only about 1 km Longer. The experimenters believe the weaker than expected link is likely the result of more foliage along that path. The 5.8GHz  link from downtown to Clayton's qth continues to be solid and benefits from less background noise that the 2.4GHz link.</p>
<p><strong>Announcements / Show and Tell</strong><br>
Clayton Smith showed software he is developing to make Hack RF work as a ham transceiver. He showed members the Gnu Radio Companion flow-graphs to implement CW receive and transmit on the Hack RF and noted that he had stitched them  together with Python code and implemented a TR switch. He planned to use the software during the VHF contest. Several members who have HackRF devices will bring them to the contest..</p>
<p><strong>  Planning for the June VHF Contest
</strong><br>
Doug Leach led members through a planning session in preparation for the June VHF contest.<br>
</p>

<strong>Adjournment:</strong> <br>
President Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:24 hrs.
