---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 17, 2017
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice President | FN25bf  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Richard Ferch    | VE3KI     | Member         | FN25ce  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Jeremy Jones     | VA3ZTF    | Member         | FN25ag  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Clare Fowler     | VE3NPC    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Bob Harrington   | VE3YYG    | Member         | FN25bh  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Remi De Cristofaro | VA3DRI  | Visitor        |         | Yes |       |
| Chris Charland   | VE3OXU    | Visitor        | FN25bg  | Yes |       |
| Morrie Lightman  | VE3KML    | Visitor        | FN25di  |     |       |
| Thane Brown      | VA3TTM    | Visitor        | FN25bi  |     |       |
| Chris Bisaillion | VE3CBK    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Brian Jeffrey    | VE3UU     | Member         | FN15wi  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Margaret Tidman  | VA3VXN    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Treasurer      | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Nick Shepherd    | VE3OWV    | Member         | FN15vk  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Tyler Tidman     | VA3DGN    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Les Crezelski    |           | Visitor        |         |     |       |
| John Vandermey   | VA3RLC    | Member         | FN15xd  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Michael Kennedy  | VA3TEC    | Visitor        | FN25fl  |     |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:01 hours.
Six visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the June meeting as posted.
Moved by Randy (VE3AX) that the minutes as posted be approved; Seconded by Doug (VE3XK).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

We have 22 paid up members and $652.18 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

The speaker next month will be Wayne (VE3CZO), and the subject will be "A Bit about Batteries."
September 18 will be Tyler (VA3DGN) and the subject will be "An Introduction to GitHub."

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

The 2m WSPR beacon is working fine. No issues with the other beacons.

#### D-STAR

There was an issue with one of the D-STAR modules.

#### Broadband Hamnet

The mesh is still growing. Some hams are still trying to connect from Orleans.

### New Business

No new business items.

### Announcements

* Randy (VE3AX) mentioned that the VE2FUT beacons might be relocated. The first one will probably be the 10 GHz beacon.
* Rich (VE3KI) talked about C3 icebreaker expedition and the WSPR beacon and the new FT-8 protocol.
* Clayton (VE3IRR) talked about the new HD radio stations in operation in the Ottawa region.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) talked about the RAC 150 awards for working RAC stations across the country.

### Speaker

The speaker tonight is Jeremy (VA3ZTF) and the subject is "Grounding and Bonding."

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:31.
