---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on May 15, 2017
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|:---:|:-----:|
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | YES |  YES  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | YES |  YES  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice-President | FN25bf  | YES |  YES  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Treasurer      | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Harrie Jones     | VE3HYS    | Visitor        | FN25ei  | YES |       |
| Clare Fowler     | VE3NPC    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Larissa Reise    | VE3KGC    | Visitor        | FN14pj  |     |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:05 hours.
2 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the April meeting as posted.
Moved by Randy (VE3AX) that the minutes be approved; Seconded by Doug (VE3XK).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

We have 22 paid up members and $842.91 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

The speaker next month will be Clayton VE3IRR, and the subject will be the recap of the June VHF contest.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Paul (VE3PLE)'s health is putting his antenna upgrade on hold for now.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Nothing special to report for the beacons.
The 2m WSPR beacon is waiting for new software updates to improve the signal.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

The mesh is still growing.

### New Business

Glenn (VE3XRA) talked about the Heliax which was brought back from the NEWS conference and if the club was willing to buy it. It was decided to wait until the missing connectors were bought and then finalize everything.
Harrie (VE3HYS) talked about the VE3WCC digipeater.

### Announcements

* Glenn (VE3XRA) mentioned the Rideau Lakes cycling event and was looking for volunteers.
* Clayton (VE3IRR) mentioned that volunteers were needed for the contest site setup and take down.
* Randy (VE3AX) talked about some of the good buys at the Smith Falls hamfest and the 100W VHF and UHF amplifiers that can be found on eBay.
* Glenn and Randy talked about the NEWS conference in Connecticut.

### Speaker

The speaker tonight is Clayton (VE3IRR) and the subject is the preparation for the June contest.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 21:26.
