---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on September 3, 2013
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
 </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD
>Dean Denter</TD>
    <TD
>VA3CCD</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN15wl</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
  </TR>
   <TR>
    <TD
>Ken Asmus</TD>
    <TD
>VA3KA</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Bert Zauhar</TD>
    <TD
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD
>Director</TD>
    <TD
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Dave Goodwin</TD>
    <TD
>VE3AAQ</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25dg</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD
>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Andrew Hart</TD>
    <TD
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD
>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD
>A/President</TD>
    <TD
>FN25AI</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Margaret Tidman</TD>
    <TD
>VA3VXN</TD>
    <TD
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>NO</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Tyler Tidman</TD>
    <TD
>VA3DGN</TD>
    <TD
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>NO</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD
>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD
>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25wg</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD
>Dave Conn</TD>
    <TD
>VE3KL</TD>
    <TD
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD
>FN25</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>NO</TD>
 </TR>


  <TR>
    <TD
>Kieren Shepherd</TD>
    <TD
>VA3KS</TD>
    <TD
>Member</TD>
    <TD
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
    <TD
>YES</TD>
 </TR>
</table>
</DIV>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Meeting Opening</STRONG><BR>
<p>The meeting was opened at 19h30 by Acting President Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), referred to as the President in these minutes.</p>

<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Secretary's Report</STRONG><BR>
<p>Secretary Glenn (VE3XRA) was absent and Bert(VE2ZAZ) filled in for Glenn. The
June and August Meeting minutes were reviewed. </p>
<p>For the June meeting,
Marcus Leech's callsign should be VE3MDL, not DML. John VE3IAO's callsign needs to be corrected in the
text</p>

<p>Doug (VE3XK) proposed that the Minutes for June be adopted as amended. Ken (VA3KA)
seconded the motion. The motion was adopted by all.</p>

<p>For the August meeting, no comments. Dave VE3AAQ moved that the Minutes for August be adopted as read. Doug VE3XK seconded the motion.
Adopted by all.</p>

<p><BR>
<STRONG>Treasurer's Report</STRONG><BR>
<p>Teasurer Andy (VE3NVK) reported that the Club has cash in bank of $515.51. We
need to pay the RAC liability insurance fee by December 1st. This will be discussed further at the November
meeting.</p>

<p>The Grid Expedition expenses have not been claimed yet. Al (VO1NO) and Glenn incurred the expenditure and will presumably claim a refund from the Club in the near future.</p>

<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Vice President's Report</STRONG><BR></p>

<p>Our meeting room has been booked for October and still to be confirmed for November.</p>

<p><BR>
  <STRONG>President's Report</STRONG><BR></p>
<p>This is the first meeting hosted by Acting
President Clayton (VE3IRR). Nothing to report.</p>

<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Director's Report</STRONG><BR></p>
<p>Nothing to report.</p>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Old Business</STRONG><BR></p>
<p>None.</p>

<p><BR>
  <STRONG>New Business</STRONG><BR></p>

<p>Industry Canada's proposal for a new Amateur
Radio MF band was discussed. A draft letter has been prepared and shown to all by Clayton VE3IRR. This
letter will be submitted in the name of the Club. Clayton moved that the letter be approved by the members. Dave VE3AAQ
seconded the motion. Adopted by all. The letter may be viewed here:<br><a href="../images/letter201309/industry-canada-letter.pdf">WCARC comments regarding Canada Gazette, Part I, June 29, 2013, Notice Ref. No. SMSE-004-13: Consultation on Proposed Revisions to the Canadian Table of Frequency Allocations.</a></p>

<p><BR>
  <STRONG>General Reports and Announcements:</STRONG><BR></p>

<p><STRONG>OARC Hamfest in Carp (Sept. 7th):</STRONG><BR> Ken (VA3KA) advised the members that the Club table will not be staffed unless there is a volunteer. The table
will be located right next to Ken's table. Anyone is most welcome to look after the table.</p>

<p><STRONG>Beacons:</STRONG><BR> Nothing to report.</p>

<p><STRONG>D-STAR:</STRONG><BR> VA3ODG D-STAR repeater has been off line for a few days. Unfortunately, both Rick (VE3CVG) and Ying (VA3YH), the 2 sysops, were away at the same time and coincidentally a failure ocurred.</p>

<p><STRONG>Grid Expedition:</STRONG><BR> Ken (VA3KA) is receiving QSL cards from other hams who chase grid
squares. Many incoming QSLs include money. Ken is proceeding to return/reply with Club QSLs.</p>

<p><STRONG>2304 MHz Transverter conversion project:</STRONG><BR> Bert (VE2ZAZ) advises that the Harris drawers will get delivered to
him by Robert VE2ASL on the weekend of Carp hamfest (September 7th). The
project will thus become active at the October meeting.</p>

<p><STRONG>VHF SSB Net: </STRONG><BR> Net controllers are needed for the next 6 weeks to staff this net. Glenn (VE3XRA) is
currently away and Rick is away. Bert (VE2ZAZ) and Clayton (VE3IRR) will fill in when able. Anybody is welcome
to host the net.</p>


<p><BR><STRONG>Presentation</STRONG> <BR>
Clayton (VE3IRR) gave us a primer on the GNU-Radio software and discussed the various SDR radios available on the market today.</p>

<BR><STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
 The President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 22h05.
