---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 16, 2018 - DRAFT
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice President | FN25bf  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Jeremy Jones     | VA3ZTF    | Director       | FN25ag  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Treasurer      | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Member         | FN25bk  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Ray Perrin       | VE3FN     | Member         | FN25dk  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Marius Draghia   | VE3ETK    | Member         | FN15    | Yes |  Yes  |
| Don Young        | VE3KDF    | Member         | FN25    | Yes |  Yes  |
| Roger Egan       | VA3EGY    | Visitor        | FN14pj  | Yes |       |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | Yes |  Yes  |
| John Vandermey   | VA3RLC    | Member         | FN15xd  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Brian Jeffrey    | VE3UU     | Member         | FN15wi  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Nick Shepherd    | VE3OWV    | Member         | FN15vk  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Luc Pernot       | VE3JGL    | Member         | FN25ek  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Chris Bisaillion | VE3CBK    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Clare Fowler     | VE3NPC    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Bryan Rawlings   | VE3QN     | Visitor        | FN25ek  | Yes |       |
| Natalie Rawlings |           | Visitor        |         |     |       |
| Isabella Escobar |           | Visitor        |         |     |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK), at 19:00 hours.
4 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the June meeting as posted on the WCARC website.
Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be approved. Seconded by Glen (VE3XRA).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported that we have 30 paid up members and the bank balance is $51.30.

### Vice President's Report

Nil.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### Speaker

Tonightâ€™s speaker is Bryan Rawlings (VE3QN) and the subject is "A Wire to the
New World."

### Old Business

Doug (VE3XK) reported that the VNA which had been damaged during shipping is now
repaired. He also reported that his KPA500 is repaired and the cost was $99 US
plus $38 shipping. The club has reimbursed the repair cost as voted at the June
meeting. The amplifier will not be used in next year's contest as Ray (VE3FN)
will be lending his 800W amp.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug reported that the 6m and 70cm beacons are back in operation. The output is
a bit lower on both beacons.
Ray (VE3FN) mentioned that he is not hearing the 1296 MHz beacon.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that the antennas will be mounted higher up the tower at
the Camp Fortune transmitter site.
Glenn (VE3XRA) reported discussions he had about linking BBHN using the internet.

### New Business

Doug (VE3XK) mentioned that the club should look at getting a table for the OARC
flea market.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that the WSPR beacon is still low power.
* Roger (VA3EGY) mentioned that he met a ham from Carleton University who is building a Cubesat.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) talked about the RAC booth at the Canada-Wide Science Fair. He also talked about a super contest station that he saw during the AGM in Alberta.
* Ray (VE3FN) asked the members for volunteers to help him during the upcoming 10GHz contest on August 18 & 19.

### Adjournment

The Vice President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:42.
