---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on March 04, 2014
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazedean and Terry Fox 
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE 
 
cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=6 valign='center"' halign="center">
  <TBODY>
  <TR bgColor=#cccccc>
    <TH 
>Name</TH>
    <TH 
>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH 
>Position</TH>
    <TH 
>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH 
>RAC</TH>
    <TH 
>WCARC</TH></TR>
  
 
  <TR 
>
      
    <TD 
>Bob MacKenzie</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3RKM</TD>
    <TD 
>Director</TD>
    <TD 
>&nbsp;</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
 <TR 
>
      
      <TD 
>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Director</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
       
 
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25?</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD 
>President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
  
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Pat Brewer</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3KJQ</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>&nbsp;</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    </TR>
   
      
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Dave Conn</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3KL</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
  
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   

 
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Andrew Hart</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD 
>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    
<TR 
>
      <TD 
>Paul Boltwood</TD>
      <TD 
>VE3PLE</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN25</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>  
    
       
  
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Christopher Murphy</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3TIS</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>      
   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Vice President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
      
   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD 
>Secretary</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
      
</TBODY></TABLE></DIV>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The 
  meeting was opened by  President Clayton Smith  VE3IRR at 19:30 hours. He welcomed two visitors,  Pat Brewer VE3KJQ and Dave Conn VE3KL. </p>
<p><BR>
  <!Secretary><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary introduced the minutes  of the February meeting as posted to the club website. Members identified a couple of typos that the Secretary agreed to correct.<br>
  Moved by Glenn MacDonell VE3XRA that the minutes as corrected be approved. Seconded by Doug VE3XK.<BR>
  Motion approved.</p>
<p><BR><!SecretaryEnd><!Treasurer><STRONG>Treasurer's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
The Vice President reported that the usual meeting room is not available and the meeting site will be posted on the clubsite as soon as it is confirmed. The usual meeing room has been booked for May through August. </p>
<p><br>
  <!Secretary>
  <strong>Vice President's Report:<br>
  </strong>The Vice President reported that the regular meeting room is not available for the 1 April meeting. The meeting place will be posted on the club website as soon as it is confirmed. The regular meeting room has been booked for the May through August meetings.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>President's Report:</strong><br>
  The President was contacted by the OVMRC to share information on our club and the OVMRC has pblished the information in the last Rambler. <br>
  He has posted more SDR examples at <a href="https://github.com/argilo/sdr-examples">https://github.com/argilo/sdr-examples</a>. These include: a CHU receiver and revised PSK 31 receiver. He has also developed a DVB-T transmitter in GNU radio that he demonstrated at a recent OARC project session. Participants, using an inexpensive DVB-T dongle   that was controlled using the free application VLC were able to receive live  televison transmission originating in the classrooms. The demonstration was made at 913MHz and the transmission and reception has  also been tested  at 441 MHz and 1279 MHz. The inexpensive dongle worked well at all these amateur radio frequencies.</p>
<p><br>
<strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>none.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Reports</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leech VE3XK reported that the beacons are temporarily off the air while a problem is investigated. The work will be done in the spring and he will report on the results at a future meeting.</p>
<p><strong>2304 MHz Transverter Conversion</strong><br> 
Bert VE2ZAZ reported that no one had conteacted him looking for help with the project.<br>
<br>
<strong>June VHF Contest<br>
</strong>Members continued their discussion of preparations for the contest this year including an examination of various sites that now focuses on sites close to Ottawa and a discussion of available equipment.  Sufficient transceivers and towers are available but there are concerns over coax and tower related equipment such as ropes and stakes. More detailed information and decisons on the site are expected at the next meeting.</p>
<p><strong><br>
  Presentation</strong>:<br> 
  Bob Mackenzie VA3RKM
  delivered a presentation entitled Fun with Antennasshowing and describing several different types of antennas he uses for QRP operations. the presentation is posted on the club website.</p>
<p><STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The President stated 
that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:345 hours.</p>
