---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on September 16th, 2024
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name               | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------ | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Bertrand Zauhar    | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Norman Siemens     | VE3NPP    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Rémi De Cristofaro | VA3DRI    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Fred Crowe         | VE3LAF    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin         | VE3FN     | Treasurer      | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Richard Nolet      | VA3VGR    | Visitor        |   -     | No    | Yes |
| Craig Delmage      | VE3OP     | Visitor        |   -     | No    | Yes |
| Alfio Ferrara      | VA3FAF    | Visitor        |   -     | No    |  -  |

### Opening
The meeting was opened by the Vice President Lawrence (VA3IQ), at 7:10 pm.
There were three visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the August 2024 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Lawrence (VA3IQ). The motion was carried.
- Bert has wrapped up the non-for-profit status and bylaws work on the ServiceOntario website account. One issue that remains to be fixed in our bylaws is how the number of directors is set. The ONCA requires that either:
  - a minimum AND maximum number of directors be defined, or
  - a fixed number of directors be set, with three directors being the minimum.
Our bylaws only define a minimum, which does not meet the above requirements. Lawrence (VA3IQ) suggested that we elect an odd number of directors. This will have to be addressed in the future.

### Treasurer's Report
- The Treasurer did not provide a financial report, as the monthly bank report had not been received before this meeting.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) asked whether the Club had reimbursed Larissa (VE3KGC) for the purchase of the plastic bins during the VHF contest. Ray will check again whether this was done.

### Vice President's Report
- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
  - Confirmed:
    - October: Wayne (VE3CZO), A USB serial bus overview.
    - November: Mike (VA3TEC), His home-brew pole-mounted remote switching on his rover setup.
  - Lawrence asked those present to contact him if there are projects they would like to talk about.
- Microwave Activity Day: Lawrence proposed that we participate in the Microwave Activity Day on the first weekend of November, and that we could meet prior to the event for a group breakfast.
- In-person meeting: Lawrence is trying to set up an in-person meeting/gathering in January at a cost-effective venue. There is a possibility to have our meet at the RAC headquarters. More details to come.
- The Carp Hamfest table worked very well, and many hams visited us. Mike (VA3TEC)'s 10G system attracted a lot of interest. Lawrence thanked those who manned the table.

### Director's Report
The director was absent.

### President's Report
The President was absent.

### Presentation(s):
Craig Delmage VE3OP: RAC: "We are all about Amateur Radio. What's new?"

### Old Business
- Constitution and bylaws: As described in the Secretary's report, Bert (VE2ZAZ) wrapped up the update work on our non-for profit corporation status. Lawrence (VA3IQ) thanked Norman (VE3NPP) and Bert (VE2ZAZ) for their involvement in the constitution and bylaws re-writing. He also thanked those who showed up to the August 6th Special meeting.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) mentioned that there are 73 members on the Club groups.io email reflector. Lawrence suggested that we find a way to convince former Club members who are still on that list into becoming Club members again. Rémi (VA3DRI) suggested that we submit an article in the TCA magazine to describe our microwave activities, with the hope of attracting new members.

### New Business
There were no new business items.

### Show and tell
No items were shown, and no announcements were made.

### Ask the Club
No questions were asked.

### Adjournment
The Vice President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 8:50pm.
