---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on January 7, 2014
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Meeting Room (upstairs) in Sobey's, on the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Rd, in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH 
>Name</TH>
    <TH 
>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH 
>Position</TH>
    <TH 
>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH 
>RAC</TH>
    <TH 
>WCARC</TH></TR>
  
   <TR 
>
      <TD 
>Barney Baker</TD>
      <TD 
>VA3BGB</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>  
    
       <TR 
>
      <TD 
>Dean Denter</TD>
      <TD 
>VA3CDD</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN15wl</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
      

    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Kieran Shepherd</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3KS</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
   
  
 <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   

  <TR 
>
      
    <TD 
>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD 
>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD 
>Director</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Dave Goodwin</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3AAQ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>      
        
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    
    
 
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD 
>President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
    
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Norm Rashleigh</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3LC</TD>
    <TD 
>Visitor</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25fk</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    </TR>
 
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
      
    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
 
    
     <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Paul Boltwood					</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
     
   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD 
>Secretary</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
  <TR 
>
    
      
</TBODY></TABLE></DIV>

<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The meeting was opened by  President Clayton Smith  (VE3IRR) at 19:30 hours. </p>
<p><BR>
  <!Secretary><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary introduced the Minutes of the November meeting (Web Master's Note: This was corrected to read 'the December Meeting' at the February 2014 Regular Meeting). Moved by Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) that the Minutes, as corrected, be approved. 
Seconded by  Ken (VE3KA).<BR>
  Motion approved.</p>
<p><BR><!SecretaryEnd><!Treasurer><STRONG>Treasurer's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
No report as the Treasurer was not present.</p>
<p><br>
  <!Secretary>
  <strong>Vice President's Report:<br>
  </strong>The Vice President position was not filled at the Annuual General Meeting in December. The President is carrying out those duties for 
the time being. He reported that the regular meeting room is  booked for the next two months and will be booked for the following month shortly. 
He noted that speakers for these meetings had not been booked yet and invited members to report on interesting projects they are undertaking. </p>
<p><br>
  <strong>President's Report:</strong><br>
  The President reported that he had completed the addition to the annual report agreed on at the previous meeting. The annual report can be found 
on the club website in the Club History section.<br>
He recalled that he had promised following his September presentation to post software designed radio (SDR) examples to go along with his talk. 
He had already emailed several examples and he noted he had recently posted several more examples and would soon  send an email to the WCARC list 
with the link to these examples. The email has been sent following the meeting and the examples can be found at:</p>
<p><br>
<strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>The President noted that there was a vacancy for the position of Vice President and called for nominations.
As the position was not filled he will again call for nominations at the next meeting.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Reports</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that all beacons were working. He also advised members that the earlier discussed possibility of relocating the beacons 
to a tower at the Diefenbunker site seemed increasingly remote as the proposed tower project at the Diefenbunker was not moving forward at present. 
The beacons work well at the present site. Although a higher site would have some advantages it appears that they will stay at their present 
location for the foreseeable future. This would mean that planned exenditures to move the beacons would not likely be made this year. 
Dave Goodwin (VE3AAQ) mentioned another possible site and agreed to investigate further and report back at the next meeting.</p>
<p><strong>2304 MHz Transverter Conversion</strong><br> 
  Bert (VE2ZAZ) asked if members participating in the conversion project had any questions based on their work to date. He also offered to show 
his completed transverter, if requested. He suggested that if some paticipants did not have the required test equipment for some operations 
such as maximizing power output it could be possible for him to bring the equipment so that this work could be done after a meeting.</p>
<p><strong>Ski Marathon<br>
</strong>Harold VA3UNK informed members that the Canadian Ski Marathon would take place Feb 8. This year participants will ski from West to East: 
the first day from Buckingham to Montebello and the second from Montebello to Lachute. This is the 41st year that radio amateurs have provided 
communications for the event. He is still looking for radio amateurs to volunteer. Participation for a single day or the entire event is possible. 
Further information can be found at <a href="http://www.radio-1.ca">www.radio-1.ca</a>. For anyone unable to access the website or having questions 
not answered there they can contact Harold at <a href="mailto:va3unk@rac.ca">va3unk@rac.ca</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Presentation</strong>:<br>
  Bert (VE2ZAZ) gave us an interesting talk on VoIP, Asterisk-PBX and the Raspberry Pi. 
  <BR>
</p>


<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
The President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 
21:10 hrs.
