---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 19th, 2021
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Vice President   | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Member           | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rémi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |    
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Fred                   | VE3LAF     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| John                   | VA3JYK     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |          

### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:15 pm.
There were two visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the June 2021 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Karen (VA3IGO). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
The following report was provided by email ahead of the meeting by the Ray (VE3FN), the Treasurer.
- The balance as of June 30th was $2,032.95. There is also $2,000 which is split up into two term deposits. One has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021. The other one will mature on October 21st, 2021.
- There are 24 members as of today. There are also three life members.

### Vice President's Report
Mike (VE3MKX) mentioned several ham radio upcoming events and contests:
- Two events—the Hanover Hamfest in August and the Barrie Hamfest in September—are being organized. They will likely take place.
- Lighthouse on the Air
- Parks on the Air

Glenn (VE3XRA) added two more events:
- The RAC Portable Station Challenge started on July 1st and runs until year end.
- The 2021 RAC conference and AGM on September 19th. More information available on the [RAC website](https://www.rac.ca/agm/).

### Director's Report
- The VE3WCC Club call sign is now officially managed by Wayne (VE3CZO).
- We received a QSL request for a contact made during our June 2011 VHF Contest in FN04 (in Grafton, ON). Since we do not have an official QSL card design, Wayne will create a generic QSL card and send it to the requester.

### President's Report
- The Club-sponsored call sign VE3DVQ is now officially owned by the Lanark North Leeds ARES.
- A RAC advanced amateur radio course will likely start in September.

### Speaker
Mike (VE3MKX) did not book a speaker for this meeting, as he thought that the Club did not hold meetings in July and August.

### Old Business
- Beacons move: Charles (VE3CPY): We should hear from the DARC regarding the beacons move next week. The Officers will be informed of any update on the subject.

### Reports / Club Project Updates
- Glenn (VE3XRA): The OARC VE2CRA DMR repeater is physically at the Camp Fortune site. They are currently testing it out. Bert has offered to provide a backup plan for an internet connection via an AREDN 5.8 GHz link.

### New Business
None.

### Show and Tell / Announcements
- Glenn (VE3XRA) solicited feedback from attendees on whether RAC should allow digital modes during the RAC contests.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed a VHF contest logging software package he is putting together. The software package is available [on GitHub](https://github.com/VE2ZAZ/VHF_Contest_Logger_Software) or [via the ve2zaz.net website](http://ve2zaz.net/VHF_QSO_Logger/VHF_Contest_Logger.htm).
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) mentioned the existence of the [HamshackHotline.com](https://hamshackhotline.com/) ham radio VOIP telephone network.
- Clayton (VE3IRR) shared a 1987 Stittsville News newspaper article featuring the WCARC during the field day. It is James (K0FE) who sent it by email. Back then, his father, Melvyn (KN4GB, previously VE3OFD), was a member of the WCARC.
- Wayne (VE3CZO) gave a quick update on the last month's presentation: His Tx/Rx Sequencer now uses a ATTiny microcontroller. The product is still in development. He will provide a better update at the next month's meeting.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed a TinySA $50 spectrum analyzer. Considering the cost, it offers some impressive performance.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 8:51 pm.
