---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 19, 2017
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Director         | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Vice President   | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Richard Ferch          | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25ce  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bob Harrington         | VE3YYG     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Visitor          |         |     |       |
| Paul Boltwood          | VE3PLE     | Member           | FN25bg  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:03 hours.
One visitor was in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the May meeting as posted.
Moved by Randy (VE3AX) that the minutes as posted be approved; Seconded by Peter (VA3PJ).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

We have 22 paid up members and $842.91 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

The speaker next month will be Jeremy (VA3ZTF), and the subject will be Grounding & Bonding.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Jeremy (VA3ZTF) gave information about field day.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

The 2m WSPR beacon is working fine. No issues with the other beacons.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

The mesh is still growing.

### New Business

No new business items.

### Announcements

* Wayne (VE3CZO) talked about the connector issues for the 1.25inch heliax. Also mentioned the modifications done to the club's 6m beam.
* Randy (VE3AX) has volunteered to work on the 6m antenna in order to improve the performance. He also talked about his challenges operating from his home station during the contest. He also showed his Packrat 10 MHz GPS referenced oscillator.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) showed his new antenna analyzer which is a single port VNA which works from 137-2700 MHz.

### Speaker

The speaker tonight is Clayton (VE3IRR) and the subject is the recap of the June contest.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 21:02.
