---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 3, 2014
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazedean and Terry Fox
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>




  <TABLE>
  

  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
</TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Ken Asmus</TD>
    <TD>VA3KA</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

 <TR>
    <TD>Randy Nordlund</TD>
    <TD>VA3NRN</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25vg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

 <TR>

      <TD>Bert
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

     <TR>
    <TD>Dave Goodwin</TD>
    <TD>VE3AAQ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ek</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

     <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>



 <TR>
    <TD>Joe Lemieux</TD>
    <TD>VE3EUS</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25gm</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    </TR>



 <TR>
    <TD>Ray Perrin</TD>
    <TD>VE3FN</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>




  <TR>
    <TD>John Christensen</TD>
    <TD>VE3IAO</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>


 <TR>
    <TD>Larissa Reise</TD>
    <TD>VE3KGC</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN14pj</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>


 <TR>
    <TD>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>



 <TR>
    <TD>David Conn</TD>
    <TD>VE3KL</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


    <TR>
    <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


<TR>
      <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
      <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25bj</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD></TR>



 <TR>
    <TD>Christopher Murphy</TD>
    <TD>VE3TIS</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

 <TR>
    <TD>Brian Jeffrey</TD>
    <TD>VA3UU</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD></TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    </TR>



   <TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


     <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
     <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


</TABLE>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The
  meeting was opened by  President Clayton Smith  VE3IRR at 19:30 hours. He welcomed several  visitors, Richard Ferch VE3KI, Larissa Reise VE3KGC, Brian Jeffrey VE3UU, John Christensen VE3IAO,Joe Lemieux VE3EUS and David Conn VE3KL.</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary introduced the minutes  of the April meeting. Members pointed out some typos in the minutes and the Secretary corrected them.<br>
  Moved by Glenn MacDonell VE3XRA that the minutes as corrected be approved. Seconded by Doug VE2ZAZ.<BR>
  Motion carried.</p>
<p><BR><!--SecretaryEnd--><!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
The Treasurer reported that there are now 19 paid up members and the bank balance is about $567.</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary-->
  <strong>Vice President's Report:<br>
  </strong>The Vice President reported that the club had received two donations to support preparations for the upcoming ARRL June VHF contest:  an anonymous donation of $1000
and a donation of $200 from Clare Fowler VE3NPC. As well many members of the club and other radio amateurs from the area have loaned equipment afor the event with the result
that our available equipment will be comparable to that used in previous years for the event. He thanked all those who had contributed to making our participation possible.<br>
  He also listed thet speakers that have agreed to make presentation in upcoming meetings. The schedule going forward includes: July - report on the June VHF contest and a
presentation by Clayton Smith on further investigations in the use of Software Defined Radio including demonstration of new hardware;  August  - Doug Leach on DXing including
a program showing current propagation on various bands;  September - Dave Conn on Antenna tuners, discussing different approaches used in antenna tuners and typical losses
associated with the use of antenna tuners.
</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>President's Report:</strong><br>
  The President reported the club (VE3WCC) is now signed up for Logbook of the World. We have a password and keys to access the account. He plans  upload past QSOs and will
upload those from the coming VHF contest.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Ken Asmus reported that Rick Bandla had printed enough QSL cards to clear the backlog but we have none remaining for future requests. Membership in Logbook of the
World should reduce the number of request and the club can print  occassional QSL cards as needed.</p>

<p>Updates to the official listing with Industry Canada and to qrz.com have been completed and they now show the Club's address as that of the Club Secretary.</p>

<p>Status of the  VE2FET VHF and UHF beacon's located in Lachte: 222 MHz and 432 MHz are now off the air pending  repairs - 144MHz and 1296 MHz are on line.on line.</p>

<p>Doug Leach noted that Greg Milley has generously loaned the club a medium duty rotator for the June VHF contest. He also noted that Greg is available for tower work
until August.</p>
<p>Bert Zauhar reported that he is now on the air on broad band HamNet. He encouraged others to try it out. There have been several communications posted by Rick Bandla
recently  on WCC list that provide information for those interested in participating - search for &quot;hamnet&quot;</p>

<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>

<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that the source of the problems with the WCARC beacons has been found. The problem was in the 6m transmitter - the output transistor was defective. Other parts looked fine. A new transistor has been ordered and after it is installed the  entire system will be checked out before installation.</p>
<p>Bert Zauhar informed members of a new local place to get Raspberry Pi and Arduino - www.buyapie.ca.</p>
<p><strong>Announcements</strong><br>
Members shared brief reports on the Dayton Hamvention. The consensus was this year had a good flea market, lousy weather but lots of participans both vendors and buyers. The seminars also provided valuable information on new products and techniques.  The day before the Hamvebtione featured seminars on QRP and a Contest University.
</p>
<p> <strong>Contest Planning</strong>:<br>
  Doug Leach delivered a presentation on the June VHF contest. He described the facilities of the new location and led a discussion that resulted in a series of decisions on equipmet to be used fon 50 MHz to 1296 MHz for the event.
  <br>
  Glenn MacDonell delivered a short presentation on microwave equipment to be used at the contest.<br>
</p>
<p><STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The President stated
that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:45 hours.</p>
