---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of July 5, 2005
---
The group met in the Kanata Room at Sobey's.

The following members and guests were present (in random order):

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      |                  | FN15wg  |
| Harold Hamilton        | VA3UNK     |                  | FN25dg  |
| Dean Denter            | VA3CDD     |                  | FN15    |
| Tom Zinck              | VA3NFA     | President        | FN25bh  |
| John Christensen       | VE3IAO     |                  | FN25xi  |
| Graham Ide             | VE3BYT     | Secretary        | FN25ch  |
| Ken Asmus              | VA3KA      | Treasurer        |         |
| Les McCready           | VA3BZQ     |                  |         |
| Brad Smith             | VE3BSM     |                  |         |
| Dale Hennigar          | VE3XZT     |                  |         |
| Manfred Kahle          | VA3WK      |                  |         |
| Rene Kahle             | VA3XK      |                  |         |
| Duane Avery            | VA3ODD     | Guest            |         |
| Rick Bandla            | VE3CVG     | V.P. / Webmaster |         |

Ken, VA3KA, has booked the Kanata Room for August.  We'll try for a
few months ahead.

Introductions were made around the room.  Duane, VA3ODD,
suggested joint activities with other hobbies, and noted that OVMRC,
the Ottawa Valley Mobile Radio Club, has a trailer.

Ken gave a financial report.  Costs include RAC insurance,
registration of the WCC domain name, and memberships in AMSAT
and TAPR.

The 903 MHz beacon is no longer on the Lee Valley Building at
Greenbank and the Queensway.  Currently it is in Tom's, VA3NFA,
basement.  A new site will have to be found, preferably a central
location in the area.

Doug, VE3XK, mentioned the Canada Day Contest.  In the June VHF
contest Ken did very well, and his best ever.  Bob, VE3KZ, had only
one more contact.  The Rover helps a lot for contacts.  Tom worked 6
grids with good conditions including a thunderstorm.  One mast fell
over on the van.  One more rover would be useful.  Schedules should
be made for contacts on 2 meters simplex.  Tom is going to describe
his rover operations at the OVMRC.

Brad, VE3BSM, says that APRS is restructuring.  144.390 is too
congested in some areas, with too many repeats.  

Manfred reported 8 full time users.  It was born of necessity as users
in the boonies were getting about 24K on dialup on a good day.

Rick, VE3CVG, suggested 10 GHz equipment be considered for the
next club project.

Dale, VE3XZT, mentioned the new digital audio box for around $300-$400
made by AOR.  Several members are interested in experimenting
with this mode.

The meeting adjourned at around 9:20PM.

The next meeting will be on Aug. 2, 2005.

Graham Ide VE3BYT  
Secretary.
