---
layout: minutes
date: 2016-11-21
---

## Minutes of the Regular Meeting on October 17, 2016

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|:---:|:-----:|
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | YES |  YES  |
| Wayne Getchell   | VE3CZO    | Member         | FN25    | YES |  YES  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice-President | FN25bf  | YES |  YES  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |
| Graham Ide       | VE3BYT    | Member         | FN25ch  | YES |  YES  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | YES |  YES  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Visitor        | FN25    |     |       |
| Rich Ferch       | VE3KI     | Member         | FN25ce  | YES |  YES  |
| Jeremy Jones     | VA3ZTF    | Visitor        | FN25ag  | YES |       |
| Nick Shepherd    | VE3OWV    | Visitor        | FN15vk  | YES |       |
| Bryan Rawlings   | VE3QN     | Visitor        | FN25ek  | YES |       |
| Chris Bisaillion | VE3CBK    | Visitor        | FN25qi  | YES |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours.
5 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

The Secretary, (VE3AX), introduced the minutes of the September meeting.
Moved by the Secretary (VE3AX) that the minutes be approved; seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ).
The Motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

$739.78 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

Speakers are booked to the end of the year and also from Feb to June 2017.
The speaker next month will be Dave Conn VE3KL. The subject will be designing HF antennas, RF transformers and common mode chokes as a unified system.

Doug mentioned that we have to be out of the meeting room by 9:30pm as the store closes at 10pm.
Randy (VE3AX) presented the motion to change the start time from 7:30PM to 7pm and was seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ)
The motion was carried.

### Director's Report

Bert suggested the possibility of finding a restaurant close by.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug gave an update on the beacons.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Ken VA3KA is trying to connect to Bert. So far he has not been successful.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements

* Randy: mentioned the Longueuil hamfest
* Bert: mentioned the Deerfield hamfest
* Wayne: showed a small UHF preamp

### Program

The speaker this evening was Bryan VE3QN and the topic was the 5 Wâ€™s of International Radio Regulations.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:12pm.
