---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of November 6, 2007
date: 2017-01-30
---
<P>The meeting was held in the Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.</P>
<P>The following members and guests were present:</P>


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 width=400 style='width:300.0pt;mso-cellspacing:
 1.5pt;mso-padding-alt:1.5pt 1.5pt 1.5pt 1.5pt'>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p style='margin:0cm;margin-bottom:.0001pt'><span lang=EN-CA
  style='font-family:Arial'>Tom Zinck<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>VA3NFA<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>President<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>Barney
  Baker<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>VA3BGB<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><![if !supportEmptyParas]>&nbsp;<![endif]><span
  lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'><o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>Dean
  Denter<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>VA3CDD<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><![if !supportEmptyParas]>&nbsp;<![endif]><span
  lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'><o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>Doug
  Leach<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>VE3XK<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><![if !supportEmptyParas]>&nbsp;<![endif]><span
  lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'><o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>Valentin
  Doroga<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>VA3WO<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>Guest<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>Graham
  Ide<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>VE3BYT<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'>Secretary<o:p></o:p></span></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Rick, VE3CVG, VP and Webmaster,
was unable to join us.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Ken, VA3KA,
Treasurer, was away on business.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The
finances are reported to be in good shape, as usual.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>&nbsp;Graham, VE3BYT, reported
that minutes of previous meetings are completed up to date and have been sent
to Rick for posting on the web site.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Tom, VA3NFA, having acquired a
box of VHF Engineering transmitter strips, amplifiers and receiver modules,
passed the treasures along to Doug, VE3XK, who will package the club beacons
with their controller/identifier for relocation to VO1NO near
Merrickville.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The club will eventually
have a suite of beacons on the 50, 144, 222, 430 and 902 (and perhaps 1240) MHz
bands, thus offering a service to all of hamanity, or at least amateurs in the
region.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Currently, club beacons are
operating on the 440 and 903 bands, with a beacon on 2 Meters at VA3KS.<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Dean's, VA3CDD, spectrum analyser will be of
considerable assistance in setting these up.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The possibility of a DXpedition
during the June 2008 VHF/UHF QSO Party was discussed.<span style="mso-spacerun:
yes">&nbsp; </span>Some thought had been given to operating near Algonquin Park in
FN05.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>However, this would not be a
great location for bands other than 6 Meters with a possible band opening.<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Alternatively, there is a site near Cobourg
where there is a junction of FN03, 04, 13 and 14, and the altitude is about 120
Metres above Lake Ontario.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Doug has
made preliminary inquiries with a property owner in the area for use of their
site.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>It was agreed that the club would
write to confirm their permission for the attack on the bands from that
location.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Barry, VE3BSB, has written
requesting support for tracking a balloon launch from the Perth area probably
on November 24<sup>th</sup>.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>All agreed
that we would show support for the project.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Graham mentioned that Ramsey
Electronics has a neat little 300 mW 2 Meter transmitter kit available that
might be suitable for a balloon or rocket project.<span style="mso-spacerun:
yes">&nbsp; </span>This design uses many of those cute little surface-mount parts.<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The kit is $45, and built it's $80. Graham
mused that he might buy a transmitter kit and put it on the shelf along with
his unfinished 222 and 902 MHz transverters that also use surface-mount parts.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Graham outlined again a proposal
for a comprehensive club project that might involve a majority of the members,
an example being a high-altitude balloon launch.<span style="mso-spacerun:
yes">&nbsp; </span>A preliminary description of such a project was presented at the
October meeting (this was attached to the October minutes).<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>This type of club project will be further
considered in the new year.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;
</span>Possibilities also include a Software Defined Radio and a Rocket Launch
with telemetry.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Doug showed his equipment for
attaching connectors on coaxial cable and gave a description of crimping
(rather than soldering).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Palladin, who
make a crimper for PowerPole connectors as well, manufactures the crimper and
cutters for various common sizes of cable.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;
</span>These are available from HamSource.com in Bridgeport CT (John Kalotai,
N1OLO).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The club will consider
purchasing crimping equipment for loan to members, along with a supply of
connectors for purchase.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>The next meeting will our
December Election, Celebration and Snack Party with club and donated prizes, on
<span style='color:black'>December 4</span>, 2007.<span style="mso-spacerun:
yes">&nbsp; </span>Nominations are needed for the club Executive positions of
President, Vice-President and Secretary, and perhaps a new Director position
(meeting planner/project coordinator?).<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p><span lang=EN-CA style='font-family:Arial'>Graham Ide VE3BYT&nbsp;<br>
Secretary.<o:p></o:p></span></p>

<p class=MsoNormal><span lang=EN-CA style='mso-bidi-font-family:Arial'><![if !supportEmptyParas]>&nbsp;<![endif]><o:p></o:p></span></p>

</div>
