---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 2, 2013
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox 
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>



<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH 
>Name</TH>
    <TH 
>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH 
>Position</TH>
    <TH 
>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH 
>RAC</TH>
    <TH 
>WCARC</TH></TR>
      
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Al 
      Penney</TD>
    <TD 
>VO1NO</TD>
    <TD 
>President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN24cw</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD 
>Vice President</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
 
   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25wg</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
   <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Ken Asmus</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3KA</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
   
  <TR 
>
      <TD 
>Barney Baker</TD>
      <TD 
>VA3BGB</TD>
      <TD 
>Member</TD>
      <TD 
>FN25ai</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD>
      <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
  
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>

    <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>
    
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD 
>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD 
>Member</TD>
    <TD 
>FN25</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Steven Spencer</TD>
    <TD 
>VA3EXS</TD>
    <TD 
>Guest</TD>
    <TD 
>FN14xv</TD>
    <TD 
>YES</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
 
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Stephanie Spencer</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>Guest</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
 
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Leah Fraser</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>Guest</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
 
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Scott Spencer</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>Guest</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
 
  <TR 
>
    <TD 
>Roger Cormier</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>Guest</TD>
    <TD 
></TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD>
    <TD 
>NO</TD></TR>
 
</TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The 
  meeting was opened by President Al Penney (VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. <BR>
  The President welcomed five guests: Steven Spencer (VA3EXS), Stephanie Spencer, Leah Fraser, Scott Spencer and Roger Cormier.</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Secretary was not present at the meeting, so the minutes of the previous meeting were not available.  Clayton (VE3IRR) took the minutes for the current meeting.</p>
<p><BR><!--SecretaryEnd--><!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Treasurer was not present at the meeting.</p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary-->
  <STRONG>Vice President's Report:<br>
  </STRONG>Vice President Clayton (VE3IRR) reported that the usual meeting room was booked at Sobeys for the August meeting and that he had requested the room for the September and October meetings. He noted that speaker for the August meeting would be Bert (VE2ZAZ) who will give a primer on digital modulation. Clayton (VE3IRR) will give a presentation on GNU Radio at the September meeting. Speakers are still required for the October and November meetings.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>President's Report:<br>
</strong>None</p>
<p> <BR>
  <STRONG>Old Business:<br>
  </STRONG>None<BR>
  <BR>
  <BR>
  <!--Treasurer-->
  <STRONG>New Business:<br>
  </STRONG>None<br>
  <BR>
  <STRONG><br>

  Presentation:<br>
</strong>Al (VO1NO) presented a slideshow consisting of photos and information about the club's recent grid expedition to FN04xa near Grafton, Ontario
for the ARRL June VHF Contest. He also provided a list of the additional radio equipment and supplies that would be required, should the club decide to
repeat the grid expedition in 2014 in his absence.</p>

<BR><STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
  The President, Al (VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:30.
