---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on April 17th, 2023
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Norman Siemens         | VE3NPP     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Georges-André Chaudron | VE2VAB     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| John McGowan           | VA3JYK     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Vice President   | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Member           | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy           | VA3TEC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Rémi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Fred Crowe             | VE3LAF     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:10 pm.
There were no visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report

Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the March 2023 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Remi (VA3DRI). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

- Ray (VE3FN) provided the following report. We have $2,705.30 in our Deposit Account and a total of $2,106.60 in our two term deposits. The changes to our financial situation are as a result of a deposit of $170.00 covering 2 new memberships, payments for 10 badges, and a donation of $10.00.
- As of March 31, we had 21 paid members. Ray anticipates that we will have at least 3 more members by the end of April.

### Vice President's Report

Lawrence (VA3IQ) informed the members of the following upcoming meeting presentations:

- Meeting presentations scheduled:
   - May 2023: No presentation is scheduled; the time will be spent preparing for the June VHF Contest.
   - June 2023: Action report of the contest. Another presentation will be added to supplement the technical content of the meeting.
- Meeting presentations in planning:
   - Paul (K1YBE): ARTEN Project - New England Mesh Networking.
   - Dennis (WA4LPR): INTRFIL - Round rod interdigital filter construction software.
   - Mike (VA3TEC): State of the art in FPGAs.
   - Paul (W1GHZ): Subject to be determined.
   - Ham Radio Science Citizen Investigation. The presentation will be given by a Ph.D. student.

### Director's Report

Nothing to report.

### President's Report

Charles has met with some members of the Almonte Club. He learned that they are helping out fixing our UHF beacons atop the YMCA building. He advised them to contact Bert (VE2ZAZ) to follow up. Charles also learned that they are developing a mesh network.

### Presentation

Multiple members: A summary of the Microwave Update 2023 and 46th Eastern VHF/UHF conference.

### Old Business

- 902/1296 MHz beacons: The beacons are non-operational. Phil Lytle (VE3HOA) has contacted Bert (VE2ZAZ) regarding those. The 902 MHz unit is currently at its normal position up on the YMCA roof, but is un-powered. The 1296 MHz unit is with Phil (VE3CIQ), previously defective but now fixed. Phil (VE3HOA) tried to organize a visit to the YMCA site in early April, but that visit fell through. Reaching the superintendent has again become difficult. Bert will keep in touch with Phil, and will propose to help out with the re-activation of the beacons.
- WCARC badges: A total of ten badges will be ordered. Some members have ordered two badges. The order will soon be placed. The delivery will happen in time for the VHF contest.
- 432 Yagi antenna procurement: As previously mentioned, Bert (VE2ZAZ) will contact Ken (VA3KA) again at the end of April.
- Clayton (VE3IRR): A few early notes on the upcoming June VHF contest:
   - The [contest web page](/june_vhf_contest.html) has been updated and posted on the WCARC website.
   - Clayton is trying to reach previously active rover stations to gauge their interest in coordinating their activities with the WCARC.
   - Bert (VE2ZAZ) will soon call up Ray (VE3BVV), who has our VHF contest antennas, coaxial cables and towers in storage at his place.

### New Business

None.

### Show and tell

- GQRX: Clayton (VE3IRR) has updated and [released a new version of the software](https://github.com/gqrx-sdr/gqrx/releases/tag/v2.16). Moreover, there are some major feature enhancements being worked on. Expect another release to be made available soon.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) received a Raspberry Pi W2 Hack DC-6GHz SDR Transceiver, a KickStarter project. He will report back once he has tried it.
- Mike (VA3TEC) purchased a Siglent SDS2104X+ 4-channel 350 MHz Mixed Signal Oscilloscope (which includes a logic analyzer). It is hackable up to 500 MHz. It sells for about $1,500.

### Ask the Club

No questions were asked.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 8:44pm.
