---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on January 18th, 2021 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Vice-President   | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |    
| Raj Thukral            | VA3RZT     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Treasurer        | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Member           | FN25ac  | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Member           | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy           | VA3TEC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   |     |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Brian Jeffrey          | VE3UU      | Member           | FN15    | Yes   | Yes |


### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:00 pm.
There were no visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
The Secretary was absent. As the Club webmaster, Clayton (VE3IRR) posted the October meeting minutes to the website. In the absence of the Secretary, Clayton put forward a motion to adopt the minutes as posted. It was seconded. The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
- Ray reported that one member deposited his 2021 dues directly to the bank account. Moreover, several members have sent their cheque by mail. These will be processed as soon as the transfer of authority is done at the bank. The current bank balance is $1653.82. There is also $2,000 which is split up into two term deposits. One has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021. The other one will mature on October 21st, 2021.
- Glenn (VE3XRA) has offered his help in setting up e-transfers at Alterna Bank.

### Vice President's Report
Nothing to report

### Director's Report
Nothing to report

### President's Report
Nothing to report

### Speaker
Mike (VE3MKX) - The Test Equipment in your shack.

### Old Business
None.

### New Business
Randy (VE3AX): Someone contacted him before Christmas and wanted to donate items to the club: A Kenwood TS-440, an SG Smart tuner and an Astron power supply. Charles (VA3CPY) replied that the Club is interested in taking possession of that equipment. We could always sell it back later if not used.

### Reports / Club Project Updates

#### Beacons
No report.

#### Mesh Network
No report.

### Show and Tell/ Announcements
- Various news items were briefly discussed, some regarding the US FCC vs. the amateur radio service.
- There was an open discussion on working on the 23cm and 1.25m bands.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 8:15 pm.
