---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of February 5, 2008
date: 2017-01-30
---
<p>The meeting was held in the Kanata room at Sobey's in Kanata.</p>
    <p>The following members were present:
    <table>

<tr>
  <th>Name</th>
  <th>Call Sign</th>
  <th>Position</th>
  <th>MH Grid</th>
  <th>RAC</th>
  <th>WCARC</th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Al Penney</td>
  <td>VO1NO/VE3</td>
  <td>President</td>
  <td>FN24cw</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td>Vice President</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ken Asmus</td>
  <td>VE3KA</td>
  <td>Treasurer</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
  <td>FN25ai</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom Zink</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick Bandla</td>
  <td>VE3CVG</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25hm</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dean Denter</td>
  <td>VA3CDD</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15wl</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold Hamilton</td>
  <td>VA3UNK</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dale Henniger</td>
  <td>VE3XZT</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15wf</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>John Christensen</td>
  <td>VE3AIO</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25ch</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Steve Attfield</td>
  <td>VA3SAX</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Valentin Doroga</td>
  <td>VA3WO</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
  <td></td>
  <td></td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p></p>

<p>Al, VO1NO/VE3, called the meeting to order at 19:30 hrs.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Ken, VE3KA, provided the treasurers report that all was well
and that this room at Sobey's was booked for March
and noted that the meeting for April would be on the 1st of April. Rick offered
to ensure that the room was booked for the April meeting. Ken stated that there
was at present 27 members of which 18 were paid up.</p>

<P></p>

<p>Barney, VA3BGB, motioned that the minutes of the 2 Jan 08
meeting be accepted as published. Tom, VA3NFA asked for clarification of the
$1200.00 expense for the 70cm beacon. With that amendment Graham seconded the
motion and the motion was passed.</p>

<P></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>Beacon Report</u></b></p>

<P></p>

<p>Doug, VE3XK provided a detailed explanation of the beacon
project with the placement of the components in the enclosure which was in full
view. He also provided his analysis of the components showing the calibration
to the 4<sup>th</sup> harmonic which met all specifications. Doug mentioned he
would be ordering some of the remaining equipment very soon and expected that
the 70cm beacon would be in operation by June 2008.</p>

<p></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>June Expedition</u></b></p>

<P></p>

<p>Al, VO1NO/VE3 has sent a letter to Mr. &amp; Mrs. Armstrong
regarding the use of their property for that expedition; the club has not
received a response. Therefore Al and Doug will scout a few other locations,
one being near Grafton.</p>

<P></p>

<p>The expedition plan would be to travel and set up on the
Friday, operate through Sunday with tear down and return on the Monday. While
the club may assisted with some expenses it was hoped that members would
provide the primary resources.</p>

<P></p>

<p>Rick, VE3CVG stated he would be going to
Algonquin Park
location to provide that grid.</p>

<P></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>Constitution</u></b></p>

<P></p>

<p>Doug, VE3XK provided a brief report on the development of a
club constitution. Doug and Dean, VA3CDD will continue that development. A
short discussion ensued regarding what would constitute a quorum.</p>

<P></p>
<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>Balloon Project</u></b></p>

<P></p>

<p>Graham, VE3BYT, reported on a balloon project. Graham passed
around a sheet for information and requested interested members to indicate to
him their interest to participate. Tom VA3NFA suggested that the club might
co-ordinate with the Montessori school balloon project. Graham will inquire if
they are interested in our participation.</p>

<p></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>D-Star</u></b></p>

<p></p>

<p>Rick, VE3CVG described the resolution of several issues with
the network. He described the use of a dongle to access the D-Star network
through the internet which is sold through HRO for approximately $200.00.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Another piece of Software has been created by a ham in
Czechoslovakia;
it connects a sound card to a modified radio to enable a D-Star connection
through the internet.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Rick made note that a synergy is occurring where hams are
developing interesting arrangements to benefit from the D-Star network.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Ken, VA3KA noted that the numbers of D-Star registered
members has increased significantly and that the new gateway design (G2) will
permit a dynamic IP address.</p>

<p></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>Repeaters</u></b></p>

<p></p>

<p>Dale, VE3XZT stated that the repeater requires a new
controller on the VHF side and that he will investigate alternatives. Dale will
also discuss with Manfred the donation of a 222 repeater which Manfred offered
some time ago.</p>

<p></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>Webmaster</u></b></p>

<p></p>

<p>Rick, VE3CVG has provided an invoice to Ken from Mondenet to cover the cost of hosting the club website for
the next period. Rick will continue updating the website as soon as possible.</p>

<p></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>Contests</u></b></p>

<p></p>

<p>Al, VO1NO/VE3 provided a brief summary of the results of the
latest VHF contest where everyone agreed that propagation during that time was
very poor.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Discussion ensued regarding a number of changes that have
been made for future contests and Al provided some insight into some contests,
the Ski Marathon, the Iroquois flea market among others.</p>

<p></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>New Business</u></b></p>

<p></p>

<p>Rick, VE3CVG made the
motion that in the interim period prior to the approval of the constitution
that "In matters of expenditures exceeding $200.00,
requests for funds shall be tabled and discussed at a regular club meeting,
shall be described in the club minutes, and shall be voted on and approved or
denied at a following club meeting. The intent being to allow
all members an opportunity to vote on significant club expenses or purchases."</p>

<p></p>

<p>Seconded by Steve VA3SAX and following discussion the motion
was approved.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Tom, VA3NFA suggested that a contingency fund be established
to cover any unexpected expenses. Discussion generally concurred.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Rick, VE3CVG suggested that presidents should once a year
create a summary which could be used on the website to provide the club history
and progress. Discussion concurred.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Ken, VA3KA took an action to
prepare the paperwork to pay the appropriate charges acquiring RAC insurance to
cover all club members.</p>

<p></p>

<p><b style='mso-bidi-font-weight:normal'><u>Special Presentation</u></b></p>

<p></p>

<p>Frequency Division Multiplex Digital Voice (FDMDV)</p>

<p></p>

<p>Dale, VA3XZT and Ken VA3KA provide a briefing and full
demonstration of this capability. A great deal of discussion ensued with them
answering many questions. Many members were impressed with the capability as
well as the seeming simplicity of this equipment.</p>

<p></p>
<br>
<p>Rick, VE3CVG motioned that the meeting be adjourned.
Seconded by Dean, VA3CDD the motion was passed at 21:25 hrs.</p>

<p></p>

<p>Barney Baker - VA3BGB</p>

<p>Secretary.</p>
