---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on May 11th, 2020 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes   | Yes |
| Brian Jeffrey          | VE3UU      | Member           | FN15    | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   |     |
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Malcolm Harper         | VE2DDZ     | Visitor          | FN35    |       |     |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes | Yes   |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Raj Thukral            | VA3RZT     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Chris Rochefort        | VE2MW      | Member           | FN25ck  | Yes   | Yes |
| G-A Chaudron           | VE2VAB     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Tyler Tidman           | VA3DGN     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |    

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Jeremy (VA3ZTF) at 19:05.
One visitor was in attendance: Malcolm Harper (VE2DDZ).

### Secretary's Report

Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the April 2020 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by Glenn (VE3XRA) that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Jeremy (VA3ZTF). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 24 paid up members for 2020 and a bank balance of $1449.57. There is also $2,000 which is split up into 2 term deposits. One will mature on October 20th. The other one has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021.

### Vice President's Report

- Jeremy reminded the members that the President's position was still unoccupied. He expressed the importance of having a complete board of officers, as required by our non-for-profit status and by our constitution. In order to facilitate the election of the missing officer, he offered to move to the President's position, if necessary, to free up the Vice President position. As for his role in filling up the President's position, this meeting will be his last one as acting president. If no candidates come forward by the June meeting, then there will be no Club meeting. 
- Jeremy will prepare and publish a survey in which he will collect feedback from the members on the Club's activities.

### Director's Report

Nothing to report.

### President's Report

None. The President's position is open.

### Speaker

Clayton Smith (VE3IRR): BSide Ottawa 2019 Radio Challenges (SDR receiving and processing competition).

### Old Business

- Asset identification. Bert (VE2ZAZ) proposed, at Robert (VE3BE)'s suggestion, that we print asset stickers on P-Touch or Dymo printer labels. Bert owns one such graphics printer, along with many spare label cartridges. This will cost less than ordering custom stickers.
- September VHF Contest. Clayton to check with Ray Burell for his availability in the event that the Club participates in the ARRL September VHF contest.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Several members confirmed that the 70cm beacon signal is weaker than the other beacons. It is also transmitting slightly off-frequency. We will investigate the issue once the pandemic lock-down is lifted.

#### D-STAR

Jeremy reported substantial activity on the Ottawa D-Star network.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Georges-Andr√© (VE2VAB) reported that the VE2CRO Club website now features an upgraded mesh network map. He showed it to the members.

### New Business

None.

### Election of President

The election of president was deferred to the next meeting, as nobody came forward to fill the position.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

Glenn VE3XRA is involved in the ARISS program. People are currently planning for the next space station to be launched by 2024, which will orbit the moon. The plan is to put one ham 2.4/10 GHz SDR module onboard the moon space station. Scientific experiments that use ham radio are also being planned. They are looking for volunteers to help on the hardware, software and on building ground stations. Please let Glenn know if you are interested.

### Adjournment

The Vice President observed that there being no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 20:45.

