---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on February 12, 2018
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Member         | FN25bk  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice President | FN25bf  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Jeremy Jones     | VA3ZTF    | Director       | FN25ag  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Brian Jeffrey    | VE3UU     | Member         | FN15wi  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Remi De Cristofaro | VA3DRI  | Member         | FN25bh  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Tyler Tidman     | VA3DGN    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Margaret Tidman  | VA3VXN    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Graham Ide       | VE3BYT    | Member         | FN25ch  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Andy Hart        | VE3NVK    | Member         | FN25bh  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Ralph Cameron    | VE3BBM    | Visitor        | FN15    | Yes |       |
| Chris Bisaillion | VE3CBK    | Member         | FN25ai  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Luc Pernot       | VE3JGL    | Member         | FN25ek  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Richard Ferch    | VE3KI     | Member         | FN25ce  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Bob Harrington   | VE3YYG    | Member         | FN25bh  | Yes |  Yes  |
| John Vandermey   | VA3RLC    | Member         | FN15xd  | Yes |  Yes  |
| Marius Draghia   | VE3ETK    | Visitor        |         | Yes |       |
| David Frank      | VE3DMU    | Visitor        | FN25cg  |     |       |
| Stuart Ollerhead |           | Visitor        |         |     |       |
| John W. Lalonde  |           | Visitor        |         |     |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:04 hours.
5 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the January meeting posted on the WCARC website.
Randy moved that the minutes be approved as posted on the website. The motion was seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

We have 21 paid up members and $4665.24 in the bank. $3000 has been invested in a term deposit.

### Vice President's Report

The March speaker will be Rich (VE3KI) and the subject will be panoramic displays.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Speaker

The speaker tonight is Clayton (VE3IRR) and the subject is "What's New in Software Defined Radio?"

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Bert (VE2ZAZ) gave an update on the 2m WSPR beacon.
The rest of the beacons are all working fine.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Nothing new to report.

### New Business

* Clayton (VE3IRR) moved that we approve the $110 expense for the Corkery Community Centre for the June contest. The motion was seconded by Glenn (VE3XRA). The motion was carried.
* Doug (VE3XK) presented the plan to have the club purchase a handheld VNA, handheld spectrum analyzer and new antennas for 222, 903, 1296 and 2304 MHz. A discussion followed with the members on what should be purchased, if it should all be at once and how the equipment could be lent out to the members.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Glenn (VE3XRA) mentioned the Canada-Wide Science Fair happening in May. Glenn talked about the experience operating in the Canadian Ski Marathon.
* Tyler (VA3DGN) mentioned that there were Raspberry Pi activities at the Science Museum on March 3<sup>rd</sup> and 10<sup>th</sup>.
* Chris (VE3CBK) mentioned that John (VE9EZ) was activating Canadian lighthouses.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 21:27.
