---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on March 1, 2016
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
 <TABLE
cellSpacing=0 cellPadding=6 valign='center"' halign="center">
  <TBODY>
  <TR bgColor=#cccccc>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
  </TR>
  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>JP Gendron</TD>
    <TD>VA3JPG</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Arthur Smith</TD>
    <TD>VA3BIT</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Randy Nordlund</TD>
    <TD>VE3AX</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
    <TD>FN25jg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Tyler Tidman</TD>
    <TD>VA3DGN</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Margaret Tidman</TD>
    <TD>VA3VXN</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR bgColor=#ffffff>
    <TD>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  </TBODY>
</TABLE>
</DIV>
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Opening:</STRONG>
<BR>
The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed one visitor: Arthur Smith (VA3BIT).
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>
The Secretary, Randy Nordlund (VE3AX), introduced the Minutes of the February meeting.
Moved by the President (VE3IRR) that the Minutes be approved; seconded by Glenn Macdonell (VE3XRA).
Motion was carried.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current bank balance was $703 and the club had 17 paid up members.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Vice President's Report</STRONG>
<BR>
The Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that speakers had been arranged through to the September meeting. The
speaker for April will be Clayton (VE3IRR) and the topic will be the pre-planning for the June contest.
<BR>
<BR>
The Kanata room has been booked to December.
<BR>
<BR>
Webmaster Rick (VE3CVG) will continue posting the speakers on the website.
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>President's Report: </STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>New Business: </STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Reports / Project Updates</STRONG>
<BR>
Beacons
<BR>
Doug indicated that ice on the antenna may be causing key clicks. This will be verified in the spring.
<BR>
<BR>
D-STAR
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>
Broadband Hamnet
<BR>
No big changes and some new users have been added so the mesh is getting bigger.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Announcements</STRONG>
<BR>
President Clayton (VE3IRR) - Raspberry Pi 3 is out. The latest version has built-in  wifi &amp; Bluetooth and a 64 bit processor.
<BR>
<BR>
Secretary Randy (VE3AX) - Reminded people that the date to save for the early booking for the VHF Superconference in April, in the Washington, DC area
conf was March 16th.
<BR>
<br>
Wayne (VE3CZO) - Presented an overview on a battery top-up charger for rovers.
<BR>
<BR>
Glen (VE3XRA) - IEEE Ottawa chapter - Presenting a robotics contest for kids on May 28.
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Program</STRONG>
<BR>
Our speaker was Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), President of Radio Amateurs of Canada, speaking on Amateur Radio in Canada and RAC.
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG>
<BR>
The President stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:22 hours.
