---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Annual General Meeting on January 5, 2016
---
<i>
Note: Due to low attendance at the December meeting, elections were not held. Consequently, elections were held at this meeting and so this is considered a General Meeting.
</i>
<br>
<br>The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<br><br>The following people were present:<br><br>



  <table>
  
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Call 
      Sign</th>
    <th>Position</th>
    <th>MH 
      Grid</th>
    <th>RAC</th>
    <th>WCARC</th></tr>
   
       

 <tr>
    <td>Peter Jago</td>
    <td>VA3PJ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ag</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    <td>Ying Hum</td>
    <td>VA3YZ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dk</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>

     <tr>
    <td>Bertrand Zauhar</td>
    <td>VE2ZAZ</td>
    <td>Director</td>
    <td>FN25wl</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


<tr>
    <td>Sandy Cameron</td>
    <td>VE3AAC</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>NO</td>
    <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
          
<tr>
    <td>Randy Nordlund</td>
    <td>VE3AX</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ag</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    
<tr>
    <td>Ralph Cameron</td>
    <td>VE3BBM</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>NO</td>
    </tr>    
   
     <tr>
    <td>Graham Ide</td>
    <td>VE3BYT</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ch</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>

    
<tr>
      <td>Rick Bandla</td>
      <td>VE3CVG</td>
      <td>Webmaster</td>
      <td>FN25hm</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td></tr>  
    
   
      
 <tr>
    <td>Don Greene</td>
    <td>VE3IGN</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td>FN25di</td>
    <td>NO</td>
    <td>NO</td></tr>

   


     
    <tr>
    <td>JP Gendron</td>
    <td>VE3JPG</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    <td>Richard Ferch</td>
    <td>VE3KI</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ce</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    

   
<tr>
    <td>Andy Hart</td>
    <td>VE3NVK</td>
    <td>Treasurer</td>
    <td>FN25bh</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
 

<tr>
    <td>Paul Boltwood</td>
    <td>VE3PLE</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25bg</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
    <td>Christopher Murphy</td>
    <td>VE3TIS</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ag</td>
    <td>NO</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
 

   <tr>
    <td>Doug Leach</td>
    <td>VE3XK</td>
    <td>Vice President</td>
    <td>FN25bf</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>
  
      
     <tr>
    <td>Glenn MacDonell</td>
    <td>VE3XRA</td>
    <td>Secretary</td>
     <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>
  
</table>


<p><br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>
  In the absence of the President the 
meeting was opened by  the Vice-President, Doug Leach (VE3XK), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed three visitors: Sandy Cameron (VE3AAC), Ralph Cameron (VE3BBM) and Don Greene (VE3IGN).</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary--><strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the December meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be approved; seconded by  Randy Nordlund (VE3AX).<br>
  Carried.
  <br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer--><strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong> <br>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current bank balance  was $380 and  the club had 15 paid up members. He noted that the fees for affiliation to Radio Amateurs of Canada and for the cub insurance had been paid for 2016 and the club had received its insurance certificates.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Vice President's Report<br>
  </strong>The Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that speakers had been arranged for meetings through to the summer noting that at the June meeting the President would outline plans for the June VHF contest and the report on the contest would be presented at the July meeting.<br>
<p>
<!--President--><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>
Nil. </p>
<!--PresidentEnd-->
<br>

<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Nil.<p><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>
Nil.</p><br>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that the 6m, 2m, 1 1/4m and 70 cm beacons were temporarily off the air for modifications to improve their performance.</p>
<p><strong>D-Star</strong><br>
Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) reported that the D-Star system continued to work well across the region. </p>
<p><strong>Broadband Hamnet <br>
</strong>Rick Bandla and Ying Hum (VA3YH) reported that new services and participants had been added to the system. Glenn MacDonell is now connected to the mesh and more participants are adding ip telephones to their set ups. </p>
<p><strong>Announcements<br>
</strong>The N1MM+ development team, including WCARC member Richard Ferch (VE3KI) has been awarded the Yasme Excellence Award by the Yasme Foundation. The Yasme Excellence Award recognizes an individual or individuals who, through their own service, creativity, effort, and dedication, have made a significant contribution to Amateur Radio.<br>
<br>
Ray Perrin's (VE3FN) 10GHz beacon has found a permanent home and is now co-located with the VE2FUT beacons near Lachute Quebec.</p>
<p>Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) was elected President of Radio Amateurs of Canada and took office on 1 January 2016.</p>
<p><strong>Elections of Officers<br>
</strong>The election of officers that had been deferred from the December meeting was completed at this meeting.</p>
<p>President<br>
Glenn MacDonell moved, seconded by Doug Leach that Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) be nominated for the position of President.<br>
Clayton was not able to attend the meeting but had agreed to serve if elected.<br>
There were no further nominations and Clayton Smith was elected President.</p>
<p>Director<br>
  Graham Ide (VE3BYT) moved, seconded by Randy Nordlund (VE3AX) that Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) be nominated for the position of Director.  
  There were no further nominations and Bert was  elected.<br>
</p>
<p>Secretary<br>
  Doug Leach moved, seconded by Graham Ide (VE3BYT) that Randy Nordlund (VE3AX) be nominated for the position of Secretary.<br>
  There were no further nominations and Randy was elected.
</p>
<p><br>

 <strong>Adjournment</strong> <br>
  The Vice President stated that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:30 hours.
