---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 17th, 2020 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Chris Rochefort        | VE2MW      | Member           | FN25ck  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Member           | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes   | Yes |
| Raj Thukral            | VA3RZT     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |

### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 19:06.
No visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report
Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the July 2020 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Randy (VE3AX). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
Robert (VE3BE) reported 25 paid up members for 2020 and a bank balance of $1533.93. There is also $2,000 which is split up into 2 term deposits. One will mature on October 20th. The other one has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021.

### Vice President's Report
Not Present.

### Director's Report
Not present.

### President's Report
Charles (VA3CPY) has purchased a Zoom license on his own. He is offering to use his license for the Club monthly meetings. Members in attendance thanked him for that gesture.

### Speaker
Bert (VE2ZAZ): A brief overview on Fiber Optics Communications

### Old Business
- September VHF Contest: The board has noticed, likely due to the pandemic, that nobody has volunteered to organize the event. Moreover, it is anticipated that there would insufficient participation. Thus there will be no Club participation in the 2020 September VHF contest. *Item closed*

### New Business
None.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons
From Robert (VE3BE): The 6m, 2m, 1.25m and 70cm beacons are still off the air. Replacement N-connectors were received and installed. There is also work being done to improve ventilation and cooling, with the addition of a fan. The plan is to have the beacons installed on the new Deifenbunker tower, which was erected earlier this month. It is very likely that we will be able to install them there before the winter. In the event that this would not be possible, we would re-install the beacons at the Boltwood's place. The CW ID EPROM will need to be re-programmed if the beacons end up being relocated. Bert (VE2ZAZ) has offered to re-program the EPROM with the new grid square suffix.

#### Broadband Hamnet
Nothing to report.

### New Business
None.

### Announcements / Show & Tell
Karen (VA3IGO) had solicited the members for suggestions of HF antenna on the Club's email mailing list. Her request generated several replies and many suggestions. Resulting from that discussion, she opted to install a Cobweb antenna.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there being no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 20:37.
