---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on June 02, 2009
---
<p>The meeting was held in the cafeteria, of the Diefenbunker located in Carp.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>

<table>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th><th>MH Grid</th><th>RAC</th><th>WCARC</th></tr>
  <tr><td>Barney Baker</td><td>VA3BGB</td><td>Secretary</td><td>FN25ai</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bernie Madore</td><td>VA3BMZ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15vz</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Dean Denter</td><td>VA3CDD</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15wl</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ken Asmus</td><td>VA3KA</td><td>Treasurer</td><td>FN15wg</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Tom Zinck</td><td>VA3NFA</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Peter Jago</td><td>VA3PJ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Kevin Hastings</td><td>VA3PSL</td><td>Guest</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stan Madore</td><td>VA3SMM</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15vz</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Harold Hamilton</td><td>VA3UNK</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bert Zauhar</td><td>VE2ZAZ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bk</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Rick Bandla</td><td>VE3CVG</td><td>Webmaster</td><td>FN25hm</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Stephen Mayne</td><td>VE3LWX</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Andy Hart</td><td>VE3NVK</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Brian Jeffrey</td><td>VE3UU</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Doug Leach</td><td>VE3XK</td><td>Vice President</td><td>FN15wg</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Glenn MacDonell</td><td>VE3XRA</td><td>Member</td><td>FN15dj</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Dale Hennigar</td><td>VE3XZT</td><td>Director</td><td>FN15</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Al Penney</td><td>VO1NO</td><td>President</td><td>FN24cw</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr>
</table>

<br><br>


<strong>Opening:</strong><br><br>
   The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.
<br><br>
Al - VO1NO/VE3 asked all members to introduce themselves.<br><br>

<!--Secretary-->
   <strong>Secretary's Report:</strong>
   <br><br>


Secretary Barney Baker(VA3BGB) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting. Moved by Barney Baker(VA3BGB) that the previous minutes as published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by Doug Leach(VE3XK).
<br><br>
Motion approved.
<br><br>

<!--SecretaryEnd-->

<!--Treasurer-->
   <strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong>
<br><br>
Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) apprised the meeting of the number of paid members as well as any changes to the Club's cash position.
<br><br>
	There are 29 members with approximately $450.00 in the bank account and approximately $140.00 to be received from others sales.<br><br>

<!--TreasurerEnd-->




<strong>Old Business:</strong>
<br><br>
        Al - VO1NO/VE3 and Ken VA3KA attended the RAC HQ to ensure that all elements were correct in the WCARC club account to ensure that insurance coverage was active for the FN04xa grid expedition and the future.<br><br>Al - VO1NO/VE3 will contact the Director of the Diefenbunker to request the use of that facilty for the July WCARC meeting.<br><br>The August and following meetings will be held in the meeting room of Sobey's<br><br>


<strong>New Business:</strong>
<br><br>none
        <br><br>


<strong>Reports:</strong>
<br><br>
        <strong>Projects</strong><br><br><u>Beacons</u><br>Doug - VE3XK informed the members that the Rochester club has created a beacon 1kHz different from the WCARC beacon. Upon discussion it was determined that this will be a negative impact on the Rochester area and be minimal impact to others.<br><br>Doug - VE3XK reviewed two location for the relocation of the beacons and found one to be unsuitable and the other while marginally suitable, he believed the beacon array would be unacceptable to the owners. Doug will investigate the CFRA tower to determine the potential of using that location.

<br><br><u>D-STAR</u><br>Rick - VE3CVG informed the members that the website server failure has been repaired and all functions are restored.

<br><br><u>Repeaters</u><br>Doug - VE3XK asked if there is a way to increase the WCARC repeaters footprint toward the east. After much discussion regarding options it was determined that Dale - VE3XZT would check the repeater operating condition to ensure optimum performance of the existing equipment.

<br><br><u>RAC</u><br>Al - VO1NO/VE3 and Stephen - VE3LWX informed the members that RAC requires a higher percentage of the licenced amateur operators to become members of RAC. The very low number at this time makes it very difficult to fulfill RAC responsibilities. It is requested that all members take every opportunity to encourage all other Ham operaters to become RAC members.

<br><br><u>Upcoming Events</u><br>Al - VO1NO/VE3 informed the members of a number of events in the near future.

<br><br><u>FN04xa Grid Expedition</u><br>Al - VO1NO/VE3 briefly described the details and identified various equipments that would be supplied by various members. A number of members took action items to be completed. Al will e-mail a list of repeaters and frequencies for use during the trip to and from the FN04xa location. There was much discussion and hilarity regarding the equipment and meals that will be available during this expedition.<br><br>


<strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</strong>
<br><br>none
	 <br><br>


<strong>Adjournment:</strong>
<br><br>
The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned.
The meeting was closed at 21:30 hours.
