---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on October 18th, 2021 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Fred                   | VE3LAF     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |      
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| John                   | VA3JYK     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |          
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Vice President   | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |    


### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:13 pm.
There were two visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the September 2021 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Mike (VE3MKX). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
- The balance as of September 30th was $2033.21. There is also $2,000 which is split up into two term deposits. One has a maturity date of August 21st, 2022. The other one will mature on October 21st, 2022.
- There are 24 members as of today. There are also three life members.

### Vice President's Report
- Mike (VE3MKX) finally got the internet at his new location.
- Parks-OTA and Summits-OTA have been very popular lately.
- The Kingston hamfest ended up being wet. After 45 minutes, a serious thunderstorm hit the region, and the ground flooded. This put an end to the hamfest.

### Director's Report
- Regarding looking for a decent place for our beacons: Harrie Jones (VE3HYS) replied that it is unlikely that Camp Fortune will be a suitable location. Being an access-restricted and an RFI-prone commercial site, gaining permission to add more transmitters is a challenge.

### President's Report
- Charles (VA3CPY) had nothing new to report on the beacon move front.
- He mentioned our Club meeting on the 3640 HF net.

### Speaker
- Karen (VA3IGO): Report on her Loop-On-Ground receive antenna.
- Ray (VE3FN): Report on his participation in the 2021 10GHz+ contest.

### Old Business
- VHF/UHF Beacon move:
  - Bert (VE2ZAZ) is trying to identify the full name and call sign of a certain "Dale the electrician", who could be a good resource for our beacon move. Some attendees suggested that it may be Dale Henniger (VE3XZT). Bert will confirm that information.
  - Plan B location at the Diefenbunker: We shall visit the site to confirm that it is suitable. Verification shall include  checking the always-on AC outlet and verifying the metal frame sturdiness. Bert will send an email to Nick (VE3OWV) to organize a visit.
  - Bert contacted Rick (VE3CVG) to inquire about how suitable the YMCA rooftop could be for our beacons. Rick was clear that, for many reasons, the YMCA would not be a good location for our beacons.
  - Mike (VE3MKX): The Lanark Club have a new tower. He suggested that this could be a good location for the beacons. However, Glenn (VE3XRA) reckoned that the Lanark Club would likely not want VHF transmitters near their station.

### Reports / Club Project Updates
None

### New Business
None.

### Show and Tell / Announcements
- Charles showed a Russian 1 MHz glass-enclosed crystal. He also showed an old auto-focus Minolta SLR camera.
- Bert showed the Super-Pixie QRP CW transceiver, a 1-Watt, simple, cheap but effective radio. On his first CQ call, he had a QSO with a Virginia station (a distance of 750 Km).
- Wayne showed a 2n3391A transistor from GE Canada (1964).

### Ask the Club
This period in the meeting offers an opportunity to ask technical questions and get answers from knowledgeable Club members.
- No questions were asked.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 8:40 pm.
