---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on 5 August, 2014
---
The meeting was held in the regular upstairs meeting room in Sobey's at the corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


  <TABLE>
  
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
</TR>
  

       
 <TR>
    <TD>Barney Baker</TD>
    <TD>VA3BJB</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   
<TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>
   

 
 <TR>
      
      <TD>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
     <TR>
    <TD>Dave Goodwin</TD>
    <TD>VE3AAQ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ek</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>  
    
     <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    </TR>

       
    <TR>
      <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
      <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25dj</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

 
    <TR>
    <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
    
    
<TR>
      <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
      <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25bj</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD></TR>
   

 
   <TR>
     <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
     <TD>VE3XK</TD>
     <TD>Vice President</TD>
     <TD>FN25bf</TD>
     <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  
      
     <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
     <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  
      
</TABLE>


<p><BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  In the absence of the President, the 
  meeting was opened by  Vice-President Doug Leach (VE3XK) at 19:30 hours. </p>
<p><BR>
  <!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>
  The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) presented notes he had taken in the absence of the Secretary at the July meeting. Members made several suggenstions and the Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA) agreed to revise the notes to incorporate the suggestions  and bring the July meeting minutes to a future meeting for approval.  </p>
<p><BR><!--SecretaryEnd--><!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's 
    Report:</STRONG> <BR>
The Treasurer reported that there were 20 paid up members and the bank balance is about $553.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Doug Leach (VE3XK) moved that the motion he had given notice of at the previous meeting be withdrawn. This was seconded by Andy Hart (VE3NVK). Following a brief explanation from Doug the meeting approved the withdrawl.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong> </p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that work was continuing well on repairing the beacons in preparation for a demonstration that the earlier problem has been resolved.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Presentation</strong>:<br>
  Doug Leach delivered a presentation on a propagation prediction program called &quot;<strong>Nowcasting Using DX Toolbox&quot;</strong>. His presentation can be found on the Presentations page of the club website. <br>
</p>


<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
The President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 
2105 hrs.
