---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the General Meeting on November 03, 2009
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive.</BR>
       <BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<Div style="position:relative;left:100px;">
	<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=6 halign=center valign=center" style="border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;">
  	<tr>
   		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Name</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Call Sign</th>
	   	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>Position</th>
	 	<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>MH Grid</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>RAC</th>
		<th style='border-width:1px;border-color:#CCAA70;border-style:solid;'>WCARC</th>
  	</tr>

		<TR>
<TD>Barney Baker</TD>
<TD>VA3BGB</TD>
<TD>Secretary</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bernie Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3BMZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vz</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Tyler Tidman</TD>
<TD>VA3DGN</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Marc Pichette</TD>
<TD>VA3DRV</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>None</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>J.P. Gendron</TD>
<TD>VA3JPG</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Peter Jago</TD>
<TD>VA3PJ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Stan Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3SMM</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vz</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Harold Hamilton</TD>
<TD>VA3UNK</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25dj</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Margaret Tidman</TD>
<TD>VA3VXN</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Valentin Doroga</TD>
<TD>VA3WO</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ci</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>John Muise</TD>
<TD>VE2BL</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>None</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
<TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Brad Smith</TD>
<TD>VE3BSM</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN24cw</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Graham Ide</TD>
<TD>VE3BYT</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ch</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Rick Bandla</TD>
<TD>VE3CVG</TD>
<TD>Webmaster</TD>
<TD>FN25hm</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Jean Richard</TD>
<TD>VE3DNI</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>None</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Dave Conn</TD>
<TD>VE3KL</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bh</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Norm Rashleigh</TD>
<TD>VE3LC</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN25fk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bill Brown</TD>
<TD>VE3MMQ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN14pa</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Andy Hart</TD>
<TD>VE3NVK</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bh</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Doug Leach</TD>
<TD>VE3XK</TD>
<TD>VicePresident</TD>
<TD>FN15wg</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Glenn MacDonnell</TD>
<TD>VE3XRA</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15dj</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Al Penney</TD>
<TD>VO1NO</TD>
<TD>President</TD>
<TD>FN24cw</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>


	</table>
</div>
<br><br>


<Strong>Opening:</strong><br>
   The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.
<br><br>


<!Secretary>
   <Strong>Secretary's Report:</Strong>
   <br>
Secretary Barney Baker(VA3BGB) reported that the minutes of the October meeting be accepted as posted. Seconded by Graham - VE3BYT, motion passed.
   <br><br>

<!SecretaryEnd>

<!Treasurer>
   <Strong>Treasurer's Report:</Strong>
<br>
Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) reported that there are 32 club members and $1098.86 in the bank account. Ken is continuing his efforts to relocate the account to a more suitable bank. 
<br><br>
<!TreasurerEnd>

<Strong>Old Business:</Strong>
<br>
        Al - VO1NO read the bylaw  Life membership amendment which was followed by discussion by members. Amendment approved.
<br><br>
<Strong>New Business:</Strong>
<br>
        Al - VO1NO described to members present that this would be tentative approval to enable plaques to be created and then presented during the December meeting. The full approval vote would take place early in the December meeting and prior to the presentations. <br><br>Doug - nominated Manfred (VE3WK), Kieran (VA3KS), And Phil (VE3CIQ) for life membership. The nomination of Manfred (VE3WK), was seconded by Andy - VE3NVK, passed. The nomination of Kieran (VA3KS), was seconded by Glenn - VE3XRA, passed. The nomination of Phil (VE3CIQ), was seconded by Peter - VA3PJ, passed.<BR><BR>

<Strong>General Reports:</Strong>

<br><br><Strong>5.8Ghz Phone Project </Strong><br>
The 5.8Ghz Phone Project will be the topic of a presentation later this meeting.
<br><br><Strong>D-STAR </Strong><br>
The Ottawa D-STAR system is working well with the range improving due to decreased foliage. Rick - VE3CVG is continuing his efforts on the Hot Spot boards. The temperature monitoring capability has been installed and is operational.

<br><br><Strong>Website</Strong><br>
A tab has been added to WCARC website to identify recent changes in regulations, with webpage links for details.

<br><br><Strong>Lanark Space Agency</Strong><br>
LSA has scheduled two balloon launches for the 7th November using hydrogen.

<br><br><Strong>Project - repeater update</Strong><br> 
Brad - VE3BSM informed members that the radio is on his bench and when the PROM with the correct callsign is available he will install the PROM and replace the radio. He expects this may be done by week's end.<BR><BR>


<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</Strong>
<br><br>
	 Doug - VE3XK provided a presentation on his findings regarding the capabilities of the 5.8Ghz phone set which was found to exceed 2km. Discussion ensued regarding the purchase of a directional base antenna as well as additionnal handsets. Glenn - VE3XRA moved that a sum not to exceed $300.00 be approved for additionnal handsets. Seconded by Bill - VE3MMQ, passed. Note, after the meeting Glenn - VE3XRA agreed to test the combination of phone set and the satellite dish provided by Doug - VE3XK to determine what range of communication could be achieved.<br><br>Doug - VE3XK introduced Norm - VE3LC who provided an indepth presentation on the use of the Bluetooth capability on tranceivers. Answering many questions and demonstrating his personal equipment was appreciated by all members. Thank you Norm for an interesting and timely presentation.<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>Adjournment:</Strong>
<br>
The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned. 
The meeting was closed at 21:45 hours.
