---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on February 11, 2019
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Chris Bisaillion       | VE3CBK     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Dean Denter            | VA3CDD     | Member           | FN15wk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| John Vandermey         | VA3RLC     | Member           | FN15xd  | Yes | Yes   |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Richard Ferch          | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25ce  | Yes | Yes   |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Andy Hart              | VE3NVK     | Director         | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25dh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Graham Ide             | VE3BYT     | Member           | FN25ch  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Deweerd          | VE3DEW     | Visitor          | FN15ve  |     |       |
| Peter Deweerd Jr.      |            | Visitor          |         |     |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 19:00 hours.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the January meeting as posted on the WCARC website.
Doug asked for modifications. Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be adopted as amended.
Seconded by Glenn (VE3XRA). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) reported 14 paid up members and a bank balance of $133.47 plus the $3,058 term deposit.

### Vice President's Report

Jeremy (VA3ZTF) mentioned that the March speaker will be José (VA3PCJ). The subject is not yet determined.
The May meeting falls on Victoria Day so it will be moved to the week prior.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Speaker

Ray (VE3FN) gave a presentation on Amateur Microwave Communications on 10, 24 and 47 GHz.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) reported that all of the beacons are operational.
Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that the WSPR beacon is working fine.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Bert (VE2ZAZ) mentioned that the players are discussing what hardware should be used.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Randy (VE3AX) mentioned the VHF Super Conference is coming up in April and asked whether the club is looking at purchasing antennas.
* Doug (VE3XK) showed some of the items that the club might be interested in purchasing such as an ultrasonic receiver for noise detection.
* Randy (VE3AX) gave out 3D-printed Powerpole adapters for members that have FT-817 radios.
* Chris (VE3CBK) has 500Ω linear potentiometers for sale.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) mentioned that the 2m SSB net is on Tuesday nights at 21:00 on 144.250MHz.
* Richard (VE3KI) talked about ISED and their plans on how call signs are managed.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:26.
