---
layout: minutes
date: 2017-01-16
---

## Minutes of the Regular Meeting on December 19, 2016

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|:---:|:-----:|
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | YES |  YES  |
| Wayne Getchell   | VE3CZO    | Member         | FN25    | YES |  YES  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice-President | FN25bf  | YES |  YES  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |
| Graham Ide       | VE3BYT    | Member         | FN25ch  | YES |  YES  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | YES |  YES  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Jeremy Jones     | VA3ZTF    | Member         | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Chris Bisaillion | VE3CBK    | Member         | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Richard Ferch    | VE3KI     | Member         | FN25ce  | YES |  YES  |
| Margaret Tidman  | VA3VXN    | Member         | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Tyler Tidman     | VA3DGN    | Member         | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Clare Fowler     | VE3NPC    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Paul Boltwood    | VE3PLE    | Member         | FN25bg  | YES |  YES  |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:00 hours.

### Secretary's Report

The President, (VE3IRR), introduced the minutes of the November meeting.
Moved by the president (VE3IRR) that the minutes be approved; Seconded by Robert (VE3BE).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

$530 in the bank.
4 new members.
Andy has notified the club that he would like to pass Treasurer duties on to another member after the end of his term.

### Vice President's Report

Speakers are set up until July 2017.
Glenn had a question about the cancellation of the February meeting and it will be looked at to see if the store is closed or not.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) mentioned that the IDer had been modified and a long carrier had been added.
Graham (VE3BYT) enquired about a WSPR beacon. Doug mentioned that the 2m beacon was being built.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

People are still trying to connect to the mesh.
Rick Bandla has been doing mobile tests in the east end.
There are 40 nodes on the mesh.

### New Business

Bert (VE2ZAZ) asked if Clayton (VE3IRR) could give a quick update about the club projects.
Clayton mentioned that he had resent the list to all the new members.
Wayne (VE3CZO) gave information on some of the projects.

### Announcements

* Bert showed some of the low cost testing equipment he found from Banggood.com
* Paul presented his QRP Labs transmitter.
* Jeremy talked about a WSPR kit for the PI.
* Randy mentioned that the NEWS VHF conference was being held in April.
* Rich talked about his remote control setup for his station.

### Election of Officers

Vice President and Treasurer were thanked for their services over the past 2 years.

* Vice President – No nominations were received so it will be revisited next meeting.
* Treasurer – Rob (VE3BE) volunteered for the position and was acclaimed.

### Annual Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) gave a review on the club highlights and accomplishments of the past year.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 20:50.
