---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 19, 2019
---

The meeting was held at the the Hazeldean branch of the Ottawa Public Library.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Chris Rochefort        | VE2MW      | Member           | FN25ck  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25dh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Andy Hart              | VE3NVK     | Director         | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Raj Thukral            | VA3RZT     | Visitor          | FN25    |     |       |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| John Vandermey         | VA3RLC     | Member           | FN15xd  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 18:07.
One visitor was in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the June and July meetings as posted
on the WCARC website. Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be adopted as
posted. Seconded by Glenn (VE3XRA). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) reported 27 paid up members for 2019 and a bank balance of
$923.45. There is also $2,000 which is split up into 2 term deposits which
will be maturing in 2020. A number of expenses still need to be accounted for,
so the available balance is around $300.

### Vice President's Report

Jeremy (VA3ZTF) reported that Pretty Street Community Centre has been reserved
from September to the end of the year. (Note: The reservation was subsequently
changed to the Fringewood Community Centre.) The start of the meetings will be
back at 7pm. A preliminary budget was presented to the members for this year
and 2020.

### Director's Report

Absent.

### President's Report

Clayton (VE3IRR) mentioned that a table has been reserved for the Carp
Hamfest. He will be selling some of his excess equipment and will give the
proceeds to the club.

### Speaker

Bert (VE2ZAZ) gave a presentation on building 24 GHz equipment.

### Old Business

Georges-André's FT-817 went missing after the June contest and the club will
reimburse the value of the radio. Clayton presented a motion to give the
amount of $300 to Georges-André. Chris (VE2MW) seconded. The motion was
carried.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) reported that all beacons are working.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Nil.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Andy (VA3NVK) offered to pay the cost of a replacement 144 MHz beacon antenna.
* Peter (VA3PJ) offered to pay the cost of a replacement 222 MHz beacon antenna.
* Multiple members each offered $20 to cover the cost of a replacement 432 MHz beacon antenna:
   * Bert (VE2ZAZ)
   * Wayne (VE3CZO)
   * Glenn (VE3XRA)
   * Randy (VE3AX)
   * Doug (VE2XK)
   * Luc (VE3JGL)
   * Ray (VE3FN)
   * Clayton (VE3IRR)
   * Remi (VA3DRI)
* Glenn (VE3XRA) gave an update on the 10 GHz contest outing with Ray VE3FN.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed the NanoVNA that he received.
* Jeremy (VA3ZTF) asked for speaker suggestions for future meetings.
* Doug (VE3XK) mentioned that the QCWA's September meeting will feature a presentation on an APRS nano beacon that will go around the world with balloons.
* Remi (VA3DRI) showed an LC meter and asked the members for ideas to troubleshoot why it wasn't accurate.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:03.
