---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on January 05, 2010
---
<p>The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at
the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>



<table>
 <tr>
  <th>Name</th>
  <th>Call Sign</th>
  <th>Position</th>
  <th>MH Grid</th>
  <th>RAC</th>
  <th>WCARC</th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN25ai</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Bernie Madore</td>
  <td>VA3BMZ</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN15vz</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tyler Tidman</td>
  <td>VA3DGN</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN25ai</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Marc Pichette</td>
  <td>VA3DRV</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
  <td>FN25dk</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>NO</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom Zink</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Peter Jago</td>
  <td>VA3PJ</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN25ag</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Stan Madore</td>
  <td>VA3SMM</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN15vz</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold Hamilton</td>
  <td>VA3UNK</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN25dj</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Bert Zauhar</td>
  <td>VE2ZAZ</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN25bk</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barrie Crampton</td>
  <td>VE3BSB</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
  <td>FN14vv</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>NO</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td>Member</td>
  <td>FN25ch</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Pete Carss</td>
  <td>VE3XEM</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
  <td>FN25fl</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>NO</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td>VicePresident</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Glenn MacDonell</td>
  <td>VE3XRA</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
  <td>FN15dj</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Al Penney</td>
  <td>VO1NO</td>
  <td>President</td>
  <td>FN24cw</td>
  <td>YES</td>
  <td>YES</td>
 </tr>
</table>



<p><br>
<br>
<strong>Opening:</strong><br>
The meeting was opened by President Al Penney VO1NO at
19:30 hours. <br>
<br>
Al thanked Tom Zink VA3NFA for the donation of a complete Ramsey Laser
Communication kit to the club last fall. The kit consists of 2 receivers and 2
transmitters one of each already built and the others needing assembly. The Air
Cadets currently studying to receive their Amateur Radio Licence
under Al's direction will complete the kit and assemble it for use on the
club's next grid expedition in June. Al and the cadets successfully tested the
completed receiver and transmitter the weekend before the January WCARC
meeting.<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong><!--Secretary-->Secretary's Report:</strong>
<br>
Secretary Glenn MacDonell VE3XRA introduced the minutes of the previous
meeting. Moved by VE3XRA-Glenn MacDonell that the previous minutes as published
on the web pages be approved. Seconded by VE3XK-Doug Leach. <br>
<br>
Motion approved. <br>
<br>
<br>
<strong><!--SecretaryEnd--><!--Treasurer-->Treasurer's
Report:</strong> <br>
Acting Treasurer Doug LeachVE3XK reported in the absence of the Treasure (Ken
VA3KA). The club's financial situation remains as described at the previous
meeting with about $1000 in the bank. Doug offered to take memberships for 2010
from any who had not yet renewed.<br>
<br>
<strong><!--TreasurerEnd-->Old Business:</strong>
<br>
None<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>New Business:</strong> <br>
Al VO1NO reported that planning had begun for the ARRL June VHF QSO party (June
13-14). As in the past 2 years the grid expedition will operate from a site in
FN04xa (near Cobourg, ON) and the club hopes to
continue to improve its already strong performance. In the first year our multi-op station was #1 in Canada and #2 in the ARRL Central
region. In 2009 we increased our score by almost 50% to tally the highest score
of any Canadian station (including rovers) and were #1 in the ARRL Central
region. With increased power on most bands (800-1000w on 2m and 6m, 400w on
70cm, 150w on 1296GHz), better software and an even more experienced set of
operators we aim to reach an even higher score this year.<br>
<br>
Harold (VE3UNK) invited amateurs to participate in providing communications for
the Canadian Ski Marathon (Fen 13-14). This will be the 37th year that amateurs
from Quebec and Ontario are providing the service. They would form part of a 2m
net providing communications along the route beginning some time between 4 and 10
am and operating between 6 and 8 hours depending on location. More information
is available at www.radio-1.ca.<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>General Reports:</strong> <br>
<br>
<strong>Beacons </strong><br>
Doug VE3XK reported that all beacons were operating (6m, 2m, 1.25m, 70cm,
23cm). In response to a question he noted that there is space to incorporate a
1296MHz beacon along with those now operating from 2m-70cm but this would
require a decision by the club to finance the new beacon.<br>
<br>
<strong>5.8GHz Phones</strong> <br>
Glenn VE3XRA reported that the project described at previous meetings is
continuing. Al VO1NO and Doug VE3XK provided some additional background. Earlier
tests determined that the system would meet the required 2km QSO distance using the built in antennas and present work
aims to incorporate a parabolic reflector to reach greater distances. Both an
18&quot; round and a 24&quot;x18&quot; elliptical parabolic reflector will be
used in the tests. The system involving a base unit and 10 handsets will be
used in the ARRL June contest.<br>
<br>
<strong>D-Star </strong><br>
No report.<br>
<br>
<strong>Repeaters</strong><br>
No report.<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</strong>
<br>
<br>
Bert VE2ZAZ described a <b>Bluetooth-Radio
Interface with PTT support</b> implementing the audio interface as described by
VE3LC (Nov 2009 meeting) and, using a PIC
microcontroller, adding PTT operation using the Bluetooth
headset or a wired push-button. Bert's system also
adds a 2.5 min Tx timer and PTT LED and a +3.7v regulator for external battery or mobile operation. Bert
designed a PCB to fit a Hammond 1551rbk enclosure. The project is described on
his website at <a href="http://ve2zaz.net/Bluetooth_PTT/Bluetooth_PTT.htm">http://ve2zaz.net/Bluetooth_PTT/Bluetooth_PTT.htm</a>.<br>
<br>
He offered to provide club members with a kit containing specialized components
(they would provide their own standard components) on a cost recovery basis.
Enough members signed up at the meeting to proceed and other interested members should contact Bert.<br>
<br>
Barrie (VE3BSB) described activities Lanark Space Agency in a presentation:
&quot;<b>Amateur Radio Journeys to the Edge
of Space</b>&quot; available on the WCARC website.<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>Adjournment:</strong> <br>
Seeing that that there was no further business, Bernie VA3BMZ moved that the
meeting be adjourned. The meeting was closed at 21:20 hours. </p>
