---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on March 01, 2011
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held at Davtech, 133 Walgreen Road, near Carp Road and Hwy 417, a temporary meeting place used while the regular meeting place in the Kanata Room in Sobey's remains unavailable. 
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR>
<BR>

<TABLE>
  
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Frank 
      Gatto</TD>
    <TD>None</TD>
    <TD>Guest</TD>
    <TD>None</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Arthur 
      Smith</TD>
    <TD>VA3BIT</TD>
    <TD>Guest</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Bernie 
      Madore</TD>
    <TD>VA3BMZ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15vz</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Greg 
      Speakman</TD>
    <TD>VA3OMP</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Peter 
      Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Stan 
      Madore</TD>
    <TD>VA3SMM</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15vz</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Valentin 
      Doroga</TD>
    <TD>VA3WO</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ci</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Bert 
      Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Graham 
      Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>David 
      Frank</TD>
    <TD>VE3DMM</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>None</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Geoff 
      Johnson</TD>
    <TD>VE3KID</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>None</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Clare 
      Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Andy 
      Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>VicePresident</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Doug 
      Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15wg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Glenn 
      MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
    <TD>FN15dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Dale 
      Hennigar</TD>
    <TD>VE3XZT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Al 
      Penney</TD>
    <TD>VO1NO</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN24cw</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD></TR></TABLE><BR><BR>
    <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. 
    <BR>The President thanked Davtech for providing the meeting room and welcomed guests 
Arthur Smith (VE3BIT) and Frank Gotto, a sales representative of Davtech and 
colleague of Greg Speakman (VA3OMP).<BR><BR><BR>
<!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of 
the previous meeting. Moved by VE3XRA-Glenn MacDonell that the previous minutes 
as published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by VA3OMP-Greg Speakman. 
<BR>Motion approved. <BR><BR><BR><!--SecretaryEnd-->
<!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG><BR>The Treasurer was unable to attend 
the meeting and no report was presented. <BR><BR><BR><!--TreasurerEnd-->
<!--VicePresident--><STRONG>VicePresident's Report</STRONG> 
<BR>Speakers have been identified for the April and May meetings. The Vice 
President asked members to provide him with suggestions for future 
meetings.<BR><BR><BR><!--VicePresidentEnd-->
<STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG><BR><BR>
<STRONG>Insurance Certificate</STRONG><BR>The President reported that the Insurance Certificate still had not 
arrived. <BR><BR>
<STRONG>Meeting Location</STRONG><BR>The President invited suggestions for future meeting locations should the 
customary meeting room at Sobeys remain unavailable.<BR><BR><BR>
<STRONG>New Business:</STRONG> <BR>None<BR><BR><BR>
<STRONG>General Reports:</STRONG> 
<BR><BR><STRONG>Beacons</STRONG><BR>After several weeks of not operating the beacons were back on 
the air as a result of the efforts of VE3XZT (Dale Hennegar). The present ground 
fault interrupter trips whenever there is a power outage and the beacons remain 
off the air until it can be reset manually (requiring a visit to the site). 
There have been a few short power outages in the area where the beacon is 
located. The meeting discussed potential alternatives but did not settle on 
one.<BR><BR>
<STRONG>DSTAR</STRONG><BR>The repeater was off the air for a couple of hours on 
Monday Feb 28 for modifications but was quickly put back into 
service.<BR><BR>
<STRONG>Grid Expedition</STRONG><BR>Preparations continue. The President noted 
the need for people who could provide transportation for some of the larger 
items (requiring trailers or trucks).<BR><BR>
<STRONG>Manotick Amateur Radio Club</STRONG><BR>
There was a brief report of a recent difficult meeting of the MARC that 
ended with many members walking out.<BR><BR>
<STRONG>Presentation(s)/Activity:</STRONG> <BR>Greg Speakman 
(VA3OMP) delivered a presentation on breathalyzers and speed measuring devices. 
the presentation is posted on the WCARC 
website.<BR><BR>
<STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>The President, Al 
Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be 
adjourned. The meeting was closed at 21:30 hours.
