---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of October 4, 2005
---
<p>The meeting was held in the Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following members and guests were present:
<table>
 <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th></tr>
 <tr> <td>David Conn</td> <td>VE3KL</td> <td>.</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Al Penney</td> <td>VO1NO</td> <td>Guest</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Shelley Jones Penney</td> <td>VE1NOS</td> <td>Guest</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>John Christensen</td> <td>VE3IAO</td> <td>.</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Doug Leach</td> <td>VE3XK</td> <td>.</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Tom Zinck</td> <td>VA3NFA</td> <td>President</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Rick Bandla</td> <td>VE3CVG</td> <td>V.Pres/Webmaster</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Brad Smith</td> <td>VE3BSM</td> <td>.</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Dean Denter</td> <td>VA3CDD</td> <td>.</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Kieran Shepherd</td> <td>VA3KS</td> <td>.</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Harold Hamilton</td> <td>VA3UNK</td> <td>.</td> </tr>
 <tr> <td>Graham Ide</td> <td>VE3BYT</td> <td>Secretary</td> </tr>
</table>

<p>Ken Asmus, VA3KA, Treasurer, was absent.</p>

<p>Introductions were made around the table.</p>

<p>Tom showed photographs of his setup and locations from his successful Rover activities in the VHF/UHF contest in September. This was a great job by Tom and Brad, with lots of contacts.  They drove 460 KM and had 185 QSOs - around 14,000 points, on six bands in six grids.  Tom plans to repeat the Rover effort again in June 2006, with some improvements to antenna mounting methods.</p>

<p>Dean is considering operating in Algonquin Park, FN05, in the June 2006 contest.</p>

<p>Rick reported that there have been lots of hits on the WCARC web site.   Rick is searching for transverters for all the bands for which beacons will be aired - 144, 430 and on up to violet light.  Rick's plan is to feed all transverters from a common 28 MHz IF driver, and at the same time.</p>

<p>Rick showed the ATV downconverter that he and Ken, VA3KA, have built to receive VE3TVA on 914 MHz.  These are the North Country Rx converter DCNV900, about $80C for the kit.</p>

<p>Doug noted that SSB Electronics offers a 900 MHz LNA with TR switching.  Doug was able to receive good signals from VE3TVA with only some sparkle at his QTH in the western boonies.</p>

<p>When a number of stations are able to work through VE3TVA, it will be an asset for local Emergency/ARES activities</p>

<p>Brad reported on APRS matters.  He has acquired an MFJ TNC from Jeff, gratis.  Jeff downloaded the utilities for operation on the 144.390 MHz network.  Sean has a receiver for about $40 that will be installed in a rack at a site on Prince of Wales Drive.  Another ROM has been burned and installed in VE3DVQ at Lavant - it's working well.</p>

<p>Brad will possibly fix VE3UEZ near Kingston as well.  This needs a new TNC.</p>

<p>Doug will approach Phil, VE3CIQ, about the possibility of mounting the 903 MHz beacon on Prince of Wales. (Note:  Doug has spoken to Phil.  This can be done.  The antenna can be mounted on a second tower that is not used for commercial clients).  This should be a great site.</p>

<p>The 903 MHz Skew-Planar Wheel antenna for the 903 beacon was returned to Graham for refurbishing.  This antenna, after a short period of installation on the Lee Valley Tools building, was suffering from corrosion and crud, and an element was broken.  Graham will construct a new beacon antenna that will be better protected against the elements of nature, whatever kind they might be.</p>

<p>Rick reported that four stations are capable now on weak signal work on 903 MHz.  Four Transverter kits remain to be completed.</p>

<p>Al Penney is active in the VHF/UHF contests.  He will be on 1296 MHz with an FT857 and Transverter.</p>

<p>An active discussion took place presenting differing points of view on Helical Antennas - design, gain, and the relative merits of the Kraus, Cebik and Emerson models.  This was followed by opinions as to the optimum spacing for stacking of antennas - over antennas in the same band, and in different bands.</p>

<p>A stimulating time was had by all present.  </p>

<p>The next meeting will be on November 1, 2005 </p>

<p>Graham Ide VE3BYT Secretary.</p>
