---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on February 2, 2016
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


 <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
  </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
    <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25bg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Graham Collins</TD>
    <TD>VE3GTC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ig</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Randy Nordlund</TD>
    <TD>VE3AX</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
    <TD>FN25jg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>John McGowan</TD>
    <TD>VA3JYK</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25vg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  </TBODY>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Opening:</STRONG>
<BR>
The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed one visitor: John McGowan (VA3JYK)
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>
The former Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the Minutes of the January meeting.
Moved by the former Secretary that the Minutes be approved; seconded by Randy Nordlund (VE3AX).
Motion was Carried.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current bank balance was $666 and the club had 16 paid up members.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Vice President's Report</STRONG>
<BR>
The Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that speakers had been arranged for meetings through to the summer noting that at the June meeting,  the President would outline plans for the June VHF contest and the report on the contest would be presented at the July meeting.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>President's Report: </STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>New Business: </STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Reports / Project Updates</STRONG>
<BR>
Beacons
<BR>
Doug Leach reported that the 6m, 2m, 1 1/4m and 70 cm beacons are back on the air and are stable. The 2m cavity was not installed as it needs to be retuned,  but no interference has been noted.
<BR>
<BR>
D-STAR
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>
Broadband Hamnet
<BR>
No big changes and some new users have been added so the mesh is getting bigger.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Announcements</STRONG>
<BR>
Doug (VE3XK) - contest
<br>
<BR>
Randy (VE3AX) - talked about the January VHF contest in which some members of the club participated in.
<BR>
<br>
Wayne (VE3CZO) - Mentioned that there will be an OARC sponsored project which will be starting this coming weekend at Algonquin College in room T-110. The project will be the Battery keeper.
He also mentioned that the VHF Superconference will be held in April in the Washington, DC area and is willing to go if other members want to go down with him.
<BR>
<BR>
Glen (VE3XRA) - Mentioned that he was at the January ARRL conference. The president will be changing in April and will be Rick Roderick (K5UR)
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Program</STRONG>
<BR>
Our speaker was VE2ZAZ Bert. The subject was An Electronically Disciplined Mechanical Pendulum.
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG>
<BR>
  The President stated that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:54 hours.
