---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on Meeting of July 8, 2008
---
<p>Note: This meeting would normally have been held one week earlier but because the date fell on Canada Day, it was decided to postpone by one week.</p>
<p>The meeting was held in the Kanata room at Sobey's in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following members were present:</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>Name</th>

  <th>Call Sign</th>
  <th>Position</th>
  <th>MH Grid</th>
  <th>RAC</th>
  <th>WCARC</th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td>Vice President</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ken Asmus</td>
  <td>VA3KA</td>
  <td>Treasurer</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
  <td>FN25ai</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick Bandla</td>
  <td>VE3CVG</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25hm</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25ch</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom Zinck</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Brian Jeffrey</td>
  <td>VE3UU</td>
  <td></td>
  <td></td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Andrew Hart</td>
  <td>VE3NVK</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Valentin Doroga</td>
  <td>VA3WO</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25ci</td>
  <td>?</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ernie Brown</td>
  <td>VA3OEB</td>
  <td>Guest Speaker</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p>In the absence of President Al, VO1NO/VE3, Doug, VE3XK, our Vice President called the meeting to order at 19:30 hrs.</p>

<p>Doug, VE3XK, Vice President had no report. </p>

<p>Ken, VA3KA, Treasurer, reported that the club had a bank
balance of $150.00. Ken will book tables at the Carp show and reported that the
club has 23 paid members. He will provide an updated membership list to Rick
VE3CVG. As the fees to use the Royal Bank account have been raised dramatically
Ken VA3KA will search out another bank with which to hold club funds.</p>

 <p>Barney, VA3BGB, Secretary, motioned that the minutes of the
6 May meeting be accepted as published. Ken VA3KA requested correction of his
callsign. With that correction Graham VE3BYT seconded the motion and the motion
was passed.</p>

<p><b><u>OLD BUSINESS</u></b></p>

<p><b><u>Beacon Report</u></b></p>

<p>Doug, VE3XK reported on the beacon project status.</p>

<p><b><u> Grid Expedition 14 to 16<sup>th</sup> June</u></b></p>

 <p>Doug VE3XK described the contest DXpedition at FN04xa near
Grafton. He provided a briefing of the contact results and stated that was not
as yet aware of what the club standing was relative to others throughout that
contest.</p>

<p>Ken VA3KA informed members that the contest went well with
no injuries or equipment damage and that QSL cards resulting from those
contacts were arriving daily.</p>

<p><b><u>Balloon Project</u></b></p>

<p>Graham, VE3BYT reported that the Perth school group planned
an attempt at the altitude record. Graham stated that our interest should be to
send up a separate balloon with scientific and photo capability. Launch
facilities at Perth are good with an expected launch date of 22<sup>nd</sup>
Nov 2008. There is much to do regarding the selection, design and installation
of the payload so Graham requested anyone interested to contact him so the team
could start as soon as possible.</p>

<p><b><u>D-STAR</u></b></p>

<p>Rick VE3CVG mentioned that they now have a 23cm filter and will
be installing it and a 23cm preamp which completes that section. There was a
problem with the network in Kansas but it seems to on the way to be rectified.</p>

<p>Ken, VA3KA mentioned that the advertised dongle is used to
connect a computer to the gateway. He noted that the updated IC92 seems to be a
good radio resolving several problems inherent with the IC91. All members
should be aware that new D-STAR developments are appearing often.</p>

<p><b><u>Events</u></b></p>

<p>Doug, VE3XK informed the meeting of the Carp flea market
that will be occurring in late August.</p>

<p>Rick, VE3CVG suggested that the retirees may want to plan a
10GHz Tellurometer gathering. Doug, VE3XK described his latest endeavour in
that regard.</p>

<p><b><u>NEW BUSINESS</u></b></p>

<p>Graham, VE3BYT read the e-mail from EMRG regarding their
intention to install a 2M repeater at the fire hall in Stitsville. Expected to
be in place by the end of July, the repeater would operate on at a receive
frequency of 146.985 with CTCSS of
123.0 Hz and a transmit frequency of 146.985 with a CTCSS of 123.0 Hz</p>

<p><b><u>Constitution</u></b></p>

<p>Doug, VE3XK deferred this discussion to a later date.</p>

<p><b><u>Show &amp; Tell </u></b></p>

<p>None</p>

<p><b><u>Guest Speaker </u></b></p>



<p>Doug, VE3XK introduced Ernie Brown, VA3OEB who then
presented us with his experiences of Intercepting WWII enemy wireless signals
at the Ottawa Monitoring Station. We thank Ernie for his interesting in depth
explanation of the monitoring process during that time.</p>

<p>Members may find Ernie's information at <a
href="http://members.shaw.ca/va3oeb">http://members.shaw.ca/va3oeb</a>, more
information can be found at <a href="https://www.codesandciphers.org.uk/lorenz/colossus.htm">https://www.codesandciphers.org.uk/lorenz/colossus.htm</a></p>

<p><b><u>Adjournment</u></b></p>



<p>Graham, VE3BYT motioned that the meeting be adjourned,
motioned passed.</p>



<p>Barney Baker - VA3BGB</p>

<p>Secretary.</p>
