---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Annual General Meeting on December 15th, 2025 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held at the Radio Amateurs of Canada headquarters and over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------- | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Mike Kennedy        | VA3TEC    | President      | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund      | VE3AX     | Member         | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Robert Boyd         | VE3BE     | Visitor        |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Greg Danylchenko    | VE3YTZ    | Visitor        |   -     | No    | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell     | VE3XRA    | Treasurer      | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Norman Siemens      | VE3NPP    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| David Harris        | VE3KMV    | Visitor        |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Bertrand Zauhar     | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski  | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell      | VE3CZO    | Director       | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ted Reinhardt       | VE3EDE    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Tom Zinck           | VA3NFA    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith       | VE3IRR    | Member         | EN82nh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin          | VE3FN     | Member         | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kelly          | VE3FFK    | Visitor        |   -     | No    | Yes |

## Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Mike (VA3TEC), at 7:05 pm. There were four visitors attending the meeting.

### Meeting Agenda

The meeting agenda was displayed prior to the meeting, and is reproduced below. Mike (VA3TEC) moved that the agenda be adopted as published. Randy (VE3AX) seconded. A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.

### Secretary's Report

- Bert posted a draft version of the November 2025 regular meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted. The motion was seconded by Lawrence (VA3IQ). A unanimous vote in favour of the motion took place, and the motion was carried.
- RAC Affiliation and Insurance Program: Bert will send application forms in the next few days. For the application process, he must submit a list of members as of June 2025. He will use the list already provided by the Treasurer by email, excluding the two new members who joined at the Carp Hamfest in September.
- Bert will soon submit an "Annual Return for a Corporation" form to the Ontario business registry to update our board of directors as a result of the elections.

### Treasurer's Report

- Glenn (VE3XRA) provided an un-audited 2025 Financial Statement (balance sheet) covering the period of December 1st, 2024 to November 30th, 2025. The Statement will be audited by Wayne (VE3CZO) in the next few days. The audited document will be posted on the Website, along with these minutes.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) reminded that the Club should pay $150 to Ray Burrell as compensation for his expenditures for the 2023, 2024 and 2025 VHF contests. Mike (VA3TEC) offered to hand-carry the money to him.

### Vice President's Report

- Lawrence (VA3IQ) is working on organizing an in-person regular members meeting in March 2026.
- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
   - Being Planned (speakers shall provide a synopsis of their presentation to Lawrence):
      - Wayne (VE3CZO) - Selecting the right capacitor for an application.
      - Mike (VA3TEC) - IP400 Presentation.
      - Lawrence (VA3IQ) - Logging software acting as Rover controller.
      - Bert (VE2ZAZ) - A Chinese 1296 MHz 100W amplifier brick.
      - Tom (VA3NFA) / Ted (VE3EDE) / Lawrence (VA3IQ) - AREDN Status
      - Lawrence (VA3IQ) - How to not brick AREDN nodes.

### Director's Report

The Director had nothing to report.

### President's Report

- The President delivered his detailed Annual Report of our Club activities. The document will be posted on the Website, along with these minutes.
- Mike thanked Radio Amateurs of Canada for greeting us at their headquarters for this AGM. He also thanked Mike (VE3FFK) and Dave (VE3KMV) for being present.

### Presentation(s)

No presentation was given, as this was the AGM. Informal conversations took place instead after the formal meeting.

### Elections

At this AGM, a Board election had to be held to replace or renew three of its five Directors. Two of the three elected Directors are expected to occupy the President and Chair of the Board position, and the Secretary position. The outgoing Directors are Mike Kennedy (VA3TEC), Bertrand Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) and Wayne Getchell (VE3CZO). The Club thanked the three outgoing Directors for their contribution to the Club operations.

- Election of the Director to act as President and Chair of the Board of Directors: Mike Kennedy (VA3TEC) submitted his candidacy for re-election. No other candidacies were received. Mike Kennedy (VA3TEC) was thus re-elected by acclamation as Director to act as President and Chair of the Board of Directors.
- Election of the Director to occupy the Secretary position: Bertrand Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) proposed his own candidacy for re-election. No other candidacies were received. Bertrand Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) was thus re-elected by acclamation as Director-Secretary.
- Election of the Director: Wayne Getchell (VE3CZO) submitted his candidacy for re-election, with the condition that nobody else move forward with their candidacy. Robert Boyd (VE3BE) also proposed his candidacy for the Director position. As a result, Wayne Getchell (VE3CZO) withdrew his candidacy. Robert Boyd (VE3BE) was thus elected by acclamation as Director.

### Old Business

- AGM: Closed item.

### New Business

- Bert (VE2ZAZ) highlighted the need to update the Officer signatures on file at the Alterna bank, as we have had a change of directorship at this AGM.
- Clayton (VE3IRR), Webmaster: The various Club contact addresses shown on the Club website and on QRZ.com may be outdated. He suggested revising them to reflect the changes of directorship. Clayton will send a list of these addresses to the Club Officers, and the exercise will be done outside of this meeting.
- Glenn (VE3XRA), Tuesday evening SSB net: Lately, Glenn has had a harder time hosting the net due to personal matters. He suggested that the Club Officers discuss, in the upcoming months, whether to carry on with holding the net.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) showed the certificate sent by the Ontario VHF Association for our participation in the June VHF Contest group effort within the Association. Commemorative pins were also handed to the five VE3WCC station operators.

### Show and tell / Round Table

Took place after the formal meeting.

### Ask the Club

No questions were asked.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there was no further business. Mike moved that the meeting be adjourned. Bert (VE2ZAZ) seconded the motion. The meeting was adjourned at 8:15 pm.

---

### WCARC 2025 Annual General Meeting Agenda - December 15th, 2025

1. Call to Order @ 7 pm (Recording Reminder)
1. Opening Statements, Take attendance
1. Approve Agenda
1. Secretary's Report
1. Treasurer's Financial Statement
1. Vice President's Report
1. Director's Report
1. President's Yearly Report
1. Presentation: No presentation, a round table instead.
1. Elections
1. Old Business:
   - None
1. New Business
1. Show and Tell / Elmer Questions / Trade-Swap-Sell
1. Closing - Final remarks
