---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Monthly Meeting on October 21th, 2024 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name               | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
| ------------------ | --------- | -------------- | ------- | ----- | --- |
| Bertrand Zauhar    | VE2ZAZ    | Secretary      | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski | VA3IQ     | Vice President | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy       | VA3TEC    | President      | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell     | VE3CZO    | Director       | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Robert Boyd        | VE3BE     | Visitor        |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Andrew Hart        | VE3NVK    | Visitor        |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Glenn MacDonell    | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro | VA3DRI    | Member         | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund     | VE3AX     | Member         | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin         | VE3FN     | Treasurer      | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago         | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |


### Opening
The meeting was opened by the Vice President Lawrence (VA3IQ), at 7:18 pm.
There were two visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the September 2024 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Lawrence (VA3IQ). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
- As usual, we have $15.00 in our share account.  We also have $2,950.11 in our daily banking accounts plus $2,185.55 in our term deposits.
- With regard to expenses, Ray (VE3FN) reported the following: "I have sent an email to Larissa VE3KGC concerning the amount of expenses we still owe her from the June VHF contest.  I believe it is approximately $28.00.  If so, I will pay it myself because of my delay in sending a payment from the Club."
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) asked about whether Ray Burrell (VE3BVV) had received the Club's contributions for the 2023 and 2024 VHF Contests. Ray (VE3FN) has not contacted him yet. Bert will provide him with his phone number so he can be reached.

### Vice President's Report
- Upcoming monthly meeting presentations:
  - Confirmed:
    - November: Three or four short presentations will be given by Club members.
  - Lawrence asked those present to contact him if there are projects they would like to talk about.
- Microwave Activity Day: Lawrence informed us that the hams who do microwave communications in the Greater Toronto area will meet for a brunch in the Niagara area on the same day as the November Microwave Activity Day. Consequently, there will be no MAD in November.
- Lawrence has found a breakfast restaurant, Colonnade Pizza, where cheaper meals are served compared to Zak's Diner. We will try that place in the future.


### Director's Report
The director had nothing to report.

### President's Report
The President had nothing to report.

### Presentation(s):
Wayne Getchell (VE3CZO): A Universal Serial Bus Journey

### Old Business
- In-person meeting: Lawrence is trying to set up the in-person AGM and Christmas Party on December 16th at the RAC headquarters. More details to come. A fallback date would be the January 2025 regular meeting.
- Lawrence would like to try setting up a MAD day on the first Saturday of December.

### New Business
There were no new business items.

### Show and tell
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) briefly showed his current project, an IC-9700 Switch/sequencer/PTT multiplier box.
- Randy (VE3AX) mentioned that Down East Microwave had already re-opened, despite having suffered damage due to the Florida hurricane.

### Ask the Club
Wayne asked for advice on why the coaxial jumper he showed off has an unexpected RF behaviour.

### Adjournment
The Vice President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 9:10pm.
