---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on Meeting of August 5, 2008
date: 2017-01-30
---
<p>The meeting was held in the Kanata room at Sobey's in
Kanata.</p>

<p>The following members were present:</p>


<table>
 <tr>
  <th>Name</th>

  <th>Call Sign</th>
  <th>Position</th>
  <th>MH Grid</th>
  <th>RAC</th>
  <th>WCARC</th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Al Penny</td>
  <td>VO1NO/VE3</td>
  <td>President</td>
  <td>FN24cw</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td>Vice President</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Ken Asmus</td>
  <td>VA3KA</td>
  <td>Treasurer</td>
  <td>FN15wg</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
  <td>FN25ai</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick Bandla</td>
  <td>VE3CVG</td>
  <td>Webmaster</td>
  <td>FN25</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25ch</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom Zinck</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25bh</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold Hamilton</td>
  <td>VE3UNK</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Valentin Doroga</td>
  <td>VA3WO</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN25ci</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>John Christensen</td>
  <td>Ve3IAO</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dean Denter</td>
  <td>VA3CDD</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15wl</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Bill Reed</td>
  <td>VE3DW</td>
  <td></td>
  <td>FN15</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>No</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Stan Madore</td>
  <td>In study</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
  <td>FN15</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>No</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Bernie Madore</td>
  <td>In study</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
  <td>FN15</td>
  <td>Yes</td>
  <td>No</td>
 </tr>
</table>
<p>Al, VO1NO/VE3 called the meeting to order at 19:20 hrs and
requested everyone to introduce themselves. Al Greeted Stan and Bernie Madore
from Almonte.</p>
<p>Doug, VE3XK, Vice President had no report. </p>
<p>Ken, VE3KA, Treasurer, reported that the club had a bank
balance of $200.00. Ken will have tables at the Carp show and reported that the
club has 23 paid members. He will provide an updated membership list to Rick
VE3CVG. As the fees to use the Royal bank account have been raised dramatically
Ken VA3KA will search out another bank with which to hold club funds.</p>

<p>Barney, VA3BGB, Secretary, motioned that the minutes of the
8 July meeting be accepted as published. Tom VA3NFA requested correction of his
name. With that correction Rick VE3CVG seconded the motion and the motion was
passed with one abstension.</p>
<p><b><u>OLD BUSINESS</u></b></p>
<p><b><u>Beacon Report</u></b></p>
<p>Doug, VE3XK reported on the beacon project status and
informed the membership that the frequencies used are; 50.009, 144.297,
222.068, 432.358 and 903.365.</p>
<p><b><u>June Expedition 14 to 16<sup>th</sup> June</u></b></p>
<p>Al VO1NO/VE3 informed the membership that the trip had
achieved 86000 points during the DXpedition at FN04xa near Grafton. Discussion
ensued regarding the actions to be taken for the same contest in 2009.</p>

<p><b><u>Balloon Project</u></b></p>
<p>Graham, VE3BYT reported that the Perth school group planned
an attempt at the altitude record. Graham stated that our interest should be to
send up a separate balloon with scientific and photo capability. Launch
facilities at Perth are good with an expected launch date of 22<sup>nd</sup>
Nov 2008. There is much to do regarding the selection, design and installation
of the payload so Graham requested anyone interested to contact him so the team
could start as soon as possible.</p>
<p><b><u>D-STAR</u></b></p>
<p>Rick VE3CVG mentioned that they now have a 23cm filter ready
for installation. The updated gateway software version 2.1 has been installed
and resolves known problems. Ken, VA3KA has an ID-1 radio and will conduct
coverage testing for the D-STAR repeater. Ken mentioned that Japan has now been
linked to the network. Other large Canadian cities have D-Star with Montreal
having 2 repeaters and Calgary having 3. It is now possible to link the Ottawa
gateway to most other gateways.</p>
<p><b><u>Webmaster</u></b></p>
<p>Rick VE3CVG informed the membership that the club's URL
registration had expired. The club URL is presently administered by Manfred VA3WK
and Rene VA3XK and the registrar is IGS. Rick has temporarily moved the website to <a
href="http://wcarc.obxhost.net/" title="blocked::http://wcarc.obxhost.net/">http://wcarc.obxhost.net/</a>
and will continue to try to resolve the situation and re-register the URL with
Mondenet.</p>
<p><b><u>Events</u></b></p>
<p>Al VO1NO/VE3 informed the meeting of several contests in the
recent past and imminent future. Several hamfests were also discussed.</p>
<p><b><u>NEW BUSINESS</u></b></p>
<p><b><u>Constitution</u></b></p>
<p>Al VO1NO/VE3 introduced the discussion regarding the approval
of the constitution and bylaws and began the process. Dean VA3CDD recorded all
approved amendments for implementation. Extensive discussion ensued and after
much deliberation Al called for a vote where subject to the amendments the
constitution and the bylaws were unanimously approved by 11 members present.
Graham VE3BYT moved a vote of appreciation to Doug VE3XK and Dean VA3CDD for
their efforts toward the development of the constitution and the bylaws.</p>
<p><b><u>Adjournment</u></b></p>
<p>Graham, VE3BYT motioned that the meeting be adjourned,
motioned passed.</p>
<p>Barney Baker - VA3BGB</p>
<p>Secretary.</p>

</div>
