---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of June 6, 2006
---
<p>The meeting was held in the
Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.</p>

<p>The following members and guests
were present: </p>

<table>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th></tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Manfred
  Kahle</td>
  <td>VA3WK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Barney
  Baker</td>
  <td>VA3BGB</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rene
  Kahle</td>
  <td>VA3XK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>David
  Conn</td>
  <td>VE3KL</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Al
  Penney</td>
  <td>VO1NO</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dale
  Hennigar</td>
  <td>VE3XZT</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Les
  McCready</td>
  <td>VA3BZQ</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>John
  Christensen</td>
  <td>VE3IAO</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tim
  Evangelatos</td>
  <td>VE3MY</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Richard
  Ferch</td>
  <td>VE3IAY</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Steve
  Attfield</td>
  <td>VA3SAX</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Harold
  Hamilton</td>
  <td>VA3UNK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Brad
  Smith</td>
  <td>VE3BSM</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Doug
  Leach</td>
  <td>VE3XK</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Dean
  Denter</td>
  <td>VA3CDD</td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Lyle
  Halverson</td>
  <td>VA3TIS</td>
  <td>Guest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Tom
  Zinck</td>
  <td>VA3NFA</td>
  <td>President</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Rick
  Bandla</td>
  <td>VE3CVG</td>
  <td>VP/Webmaster</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>Graham
  Ide</td>
  <td>VE3BYT</td>
  <td>Secretary</td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p>Introductions were made around
the room, and Tom, VA3NFA, welcomed our guests.</p>

<p>Tom called for reports - <br>
<br>
Ken, VA3KA, was away, so there was no financial report.</p>

<p>Rick, VE3CVG, reported that the
minutes are up on the web site, and the site is up to date generally. The 903 MHz beacon is working OK. Rick suggested that a Skew-Planar antenna be
installed on the beacon again. Tom
noted that he hears the beacon.</p>

<p>Graham, VE3BYT, had no
secretarially-oriented items to report.</p>

<p><b>Repeaters - <br>
</b>John, VE3IAO, noted that
the IRLP is up and running with some white noise. 444.300 MHz, 100.0 Hz tone, Node #2220. 147.240 OK, also with 100.0 Hz tone access. <br>
<br>
There was some discussion of simulcasting the SSB net on the 2 Metre
repeater. Dale, VE3XZT, will look into
a horizontal antenna. <br>
<br>
The new callsign on the 440 system is VE3WCC.<br>
<br>
Doug, VE3XK, inquired about the possibility of resurrecting the 222 band
repeater. Manfred has two sets of cans;
they need cleaning and tuning. There is
no antenna for this band in place on the commercial tower. Perhaps Phil, VE3CIQ, would install an
antenna and feedline for this repeater. Dale will check with Phil about the installation of the 222 machine.</p>

<p>It was noted that these repeater
changes will require a request to the Saint Lawrence Valley Repeater Council
for coordination. Dale, as Repeater
Committee Chairman, will file the Technical Information Reports with the
Council from the SLVRC web site when all the administrative and technical
details are in hand.</p>

<p><b>VHF/UHF Contest -<br>
</b>The June VHF/UHF QSO
Party starts on Saturday at 2:00 PM. Tom's Rover will be on the road and will monitor 146.580 and 223.500,
with coordination on 144.250 SSB. The
Rover schedule is on the web site. Some
schedules have been arranged, including for 10 GHz contacts with VE3CVG and
VE3XK.<br>
The Rover goal is 250 contacts, to beat the 172 in the last effort.</p>

<p><b>Draft Ottawa ByLaw on Antennas
-</b><br>
The amalgamated City of Ottawa has severely jolted the amateur community with
its draft antenna ByLaw that suggests permitting ONE antenna in amateur radio
installations. The pertinent Sections
are 64 concerning towers and structure heights, and 120 re the number of
antennas.<br>
<br>
Many opinions were voiced on the appropriateness of such a municipal law, given
that radio amateur operations come under federal jurisdiction. Opinion is that Ottawa is pushing its
envelope, trying to make its case and set an important precedent in
Canada. </p>

<p>A motion was made and eventually
withdrawn to the effect that the club should write to the appropriate official
expressing concern with the draft. It
was concluded that writing a letter is probably premature at this time. It was decided to give the situation another
month or so. Many amateurs will be
attending meetings with city staff to discuss this, and the clubs are
organizing to keep on top of the situation.</p>

<p>Doug noted that there are about
2400 radio amateurs in Ottawa.</p>

<p><b>10 GHz -</b><br>
<b>Motion </b>by Rick, VE3CVG, seconded by Al, VO1NO, that the club purchase a
Tellurometer from Ray Perrin, VE3FN, for $75. Carried. This instrument will be
available to members. Rick and Doug
each have two units.</p>

<p><b>Field Day Planning -</b><br>
Al, VO1NO, Field Day planner/organizer gave a very interesting and thorough
slide presentation on the comprehensive plans he has made for our operation
with the Lanark/North Leeds ARES Group.</p>

<p>The operation will be in the
Agricultural Fair Grounds in Middleville, west of Almonte. The club will operate in the 2A category
with 2 HF transmitters, maximum 150 watts, plus GOTA, VHF/UHF, Satellite and
demonstration activities. Coordinators will be:</p>
<ul>
  <li>CW - VE3PYG</li>
  <li>SSB - VE3XZT</li>
  <li>Satellite - VE3BSB</li>
  <li>VHF/UHF - VO1NO</li>
  <li>GOTA - VA3KAI</li>
</ul>
<p>Demo Modes:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Winlink VE3VY</li>
  <li>APRS VE3BSM</li>
  <li>RFD VO1NO</li>
</ul>

<p>Al had everything well in hand,
but still needed a coordinator for food preparation.</p>

<p>The next meeting will be on July 4, 2006 </p>

<p>Graham Ide VE3BYT<br>
Secretary.</p>
