---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 16th, 2021
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rémi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Vice President   | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Treasurer        | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| John                   | VA3JYK     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |

### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:13 pm.
There were two visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the July 2021 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Rémi (VA3DRI). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report
The following report was provided by email ahead of the meeting by Ray (VE3FN), the Treasurer.
- The balance as of July 31st was $2033.04. There is also $2,000 which is split up into two term deposits. One has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021. The other one will mature on October 21st, 2021.
- There are 24 members as of today. There are also three life members.

### Vice President's Report
- The Lanark hamfest held last weekend was a success and will become an annual event.
- After a ten-year stay in Ottawa, Vice President Mike (VE3MKX) is moving away from the area in September.
- The radio bands propagation has been very variable lately.

### Director's Report
- Nothing to report.

### President's Report
- The latest earthquake in Haiti is generating some emergency amateur HF traffic. There are frequencies that the non-involved hams should avoid. Those frequencies are listed on the RAC website.

### Speaker
Wayne (VE3CZO) gave an update on his Tx/Rx Sequencer. It now uses a ATTiny micro-controller for timing purposes.

### Old Business
- Beacons move: Charles has received an update from the DARC on the beacon relocation. There may be a cost issue with feeding an uninterruptible AC supply to the beacons, as a licensed electrician would be required. We will know more about the expected cost in the next few weeks. The information should be available at the next meeting.

### Reports / Club Project Updates
- Ray (VE3FN) regarding contest cooperation: He is looking for some hams to help him with the 10 GHz and Up contest this upcoming weekend. He is planning to go to Mont Tremblant.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) and DMR: The OARC VE2CRA DMR repeater is now fully operational from the Camp Fortune site. Frequency is 444.400 MHz, color code 1.

### New Business
None.

### Show and Tell / Announcements
- Charles is reporting that the RAC Advanced Ham Course is very good and is worth the expense.
- The International Lighthouse Lightship Weekend will be happening this upcoming weekend.

### Ask the Club
This new period in the meeting offers an opportunity to ask technical questions and get answers from knowledgeable Club members.
- No questions were asked.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 8:40 pm.
