---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on September 6, 2011
---
The meeting was held at the usual meeting place, the Kanata Room of Sobey's
 at the SW corner of Terry Fox Dr. and Hazeldean Rd.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR>


<TABLE>



  <TR>

    <TH>Name</TH>

    <TH>Call

      Sign</TH>

    <TH>Position</TH>

    <TH>MH

      Grid</TH>

    <TH>RAC</TH>

    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Bernie

      Madore</TD>

    <TD>VA3BMZ</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN15vf</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Ken

      Asmus</TD>

    <TD>VA3KA</TD>

    <TD>Treasurer</TD>

    <TD>FN15wg</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


  <TR>

    <TD>Peter

      Jago</TD>

    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25ag</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

    <TR>

     <TD>Stan Madore</TD>

    <TD>VA3SMM</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN15vf</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>



  <TR>

    <TD>Harold

      Hamilton</TD>

    <TD>VA3UNK</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25dj</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Bert

      Zauhar</TD>

    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>

    <TD>Director</TD>

    <TD>FN25bk</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


  <TR>

    <TD>Graham

      Ide</TD>

    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25ch</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

 <TR>

    <TD>Brian

      Crook</TD>

    <TD>VE3CRG</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25bf</TD>

    <TD>NO</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

 <TR>

    <TD>David

      Frank</TD>

    <TD>VE3DMU</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25cg</TD>

    <TD>NO</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>


  <TR>

    <TD>Jeff

      Milne</TD>

    <TD>VE3EFF</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25ag</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Jim

      Bos</TD>

    <TD>VE3KEJ</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN15vl</TD>

    <TD>NO</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Doug

      Griffith</TD>

    <TD>VE3KKB</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN15xc</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>David

      Conn</TD>

    <TD>VE3KL</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25b</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Clare

      Fowler</TD>

    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25dj</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Andy

      Hart</TD>

    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>

    <TD>VicePresident</TD>

    <TD>FN25bh</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Doug

      Leach</TD>

    <TD>VE3XK</TD>

    <TD>Member</TD>

    <TD>FN25bf</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Glenn

      MacDonell</TD>

    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>

    <TD>Secretary</TD>

    <TD>FN15dj</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR>

  <TR>

    <TD>Al

      Penney</TD>

    <TD>VO1NO</TD>

    <TD>President</TD>

    <TD>FN24cw</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD>

    <TD>YES</TD></TR></TABLE>
<BR><BR><STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>The

meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours. There were no guests.<BR><BR>
<BR><!--Secretary--><STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the previous meeting.

<BR>Moved by VE3XRA-Glenn MacDonell that the previous minutes as published on the web pages

be approved. Seconded by VA3PJ-Peter Jago. <BR>Motion approved.

<BR><BR><BR><!--SecretaryEnd-->

<!--Vice President--><STRONG>Vice Presiden's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>Vice Presiden Andy Hart(VE3NV) reported that renovations
to the Sobey's stores in the Weast End were sufficiently completed that the regular meeting room was now available.
Unfortunately, however, the booking procedures were not all worked out and at present the room could only be booked
one week in advance.  Members thanked Andy for securing the room and expressd hope that the process became simpler soon.
<BR><BR><!--Vice PresidenEnd--><BR>

<!--Treasurer--><STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG> <BR>Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) reported that
the current bank balance was $423.80 and that the club will have a table at the Ottawa Hamfest on the following Saturday.
<BR><BR><!--TreasurerEnd--><BR>

<STRONG>General Reports:</STRONG> <BR><BR>
<STRONG>Publicity</STRONG><BR>
The President, Al Penney (VO1NO) noted that an article on Amateur Radio had been published in the West Caleton Review.
It provided good information on amateur radio and provided excellent pubiicty for the Club.<BR><BR>

<STRONG>Beacons</STRONG><BR>
Doug, VE3XK, reported that the beacons have continued to operate without interruption for several months despite occassional power outages.  It appears that the problem with the ground fault detector on the power line to the beacons has been corrected by Dale VE3XZT. He was not present at the meeting, but will certainly be thanked at the next meeting he attends.<BR><BR>

<STRONG>D-Star</STRONG><BR>

Ken, VA3KA, reported on the ongoing expansion of the D-Star network in the region. The Almonte group now has D-STAR repeaters operating on both

2m and 70cm.  One of these repeaters was provided by ICOM As part of a promotion program.  <BR><BR>

<STRONG>Grid Expedition</STRONG><BR>
Al, VO1NO, provided a brief report on the Grid Expedition of the previous June.  The club station achieved a good score altough it did not surpass

the record set 2 years before. Participation was higer than past years and included WCARC club members from the local area as well as radio amateurs from Smiths Falls, Kingston and Hamilton. Of particular note were a group of new hams as well as Air Cadets participating in an amateur radio course.<BR><BR>

<STRONG>Special Event Station</STRONG><BR>
Stan (VA3SMM) reported that the Almonte Amateur Radio Club will commemorate the 150th anniversary of the birth of Dr. James Naismith, Almonte

native and inventor of basketball, with a special event staion that will operate fromm 00:00 to 24:00 UTC 6 November 2011.  Full details can

be found on the <a href="http://www.almontearclub.ca/Almonte_Amateur_Radio_Club/Club_News_and_Events.html"> AARC website</a><BR><BR>

<BR><STRONG>New Business:</STRONG><BR>

<BR><STRONG>Dues</STRONG><BR>In response to the Treasurer's report of low bank balance contrasted with the high level of activity, members discussed a possible increase in the annual dues. Bert (VE2ZAZ)

moved that the club dues be increased, seconded by Stan (VE3SMM).  Following some discussion Harold (VE3UNK) moved that the motion be deferred to the next

meeting - seconded by Doug (VE3XK).<BR>Motion approved. The Executive will bring a recommendation to the meeting.
<BR><BR><BR>

<STRONG>Presentation:</STRONG>
Doug Leach (VE3XK) delivered a talk on vertical antennas.  His Powerpoint presentation can be found on the WCARC website<BR><BR><BR>

<STRONG>Adjournment:</STRONG> <BR>The President Al Penney(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business,

the meeting would be adjourned. The meeting was closed at 21:40 hours.
