---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on May 13, 2019
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes | Yes   |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Marius Draghia         | VE3ETK     | Member           | FN15    | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Richard Ferch          | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25ce  | Yes | Yes   |
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Member           | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Chris Rochefort        | VE2MW      | Member           | FN25ck  | Yes | Yes   |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes | Yes   |
| Georges-André Chaudron | VE2VAB     | Member           | FN25dl  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25dh  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) at 19:00 hours.
No visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

As Randy (VE3AX) was away, Clayton (VE3IRR) introduced the minutes of the April
meeting as posted on the WCARC website.
Moved by the President that the minutes be adopted as posted.
Seconded by Chris (VE2MW). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 24 paid up members for 2019 and a bank balance of $276.95.
$1,000 was deposited in the general account. $2,000 was split up into 2 term
deposits maturing in April & October 2020.

### Vice President's Report

The Vice-President, Jeremy (VA3ZTF) mentioned that the speaker for June will be
Clayton with a summary of the June VHF contest. July should be Chris Bisaillion
and QRP operations.

### Director's Report

Absent.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Jeremy (VA3ZTF) gave an update on the pricing for the Powerline Noise Finder
(MFJ-852) and the Ultrasonic Receiver (MFJ-5008).
It was voted that Wayne look at purchasing the items at Dayton. A maximum price
of $550 was authorized for the purchase. A motion was passed to purchase the items.
Robert (VE3BE) seconded the motion. The motion was carried.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug (VE3XK) confirmed that the 6m beacon is operational.
Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that the WSPR beacon is working fine.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Clayton reported that Rick is trying to get a link up between the YMCA and
Kemptville. Plans have been presented at the OARC meeting on the equipment setup
for Camp Fortune.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

* Wayne (VE3CZO) mentioned that at the Smiths Falls flea market he was approached by VE3LTI (SK)'s wife (Verna) to sell his station. $600 was given as a donation to the club for Wayne's efforts. He asked that a thank-you letter be sent to her.
* Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed a synthesizer he designed that generates from 4 kHz to 200 MHz. He is looking at doing an open source project with it.
* Georges-André (VE2VAB) showed a 160m magnetic loop.
* Wayne (VE3CZO) showed photos of a small museum called "Secrets of Radar Museum" he visited near London, Ontario.
* Jeremy (VA3ZTF) talked about a project he is working on. It's a Satellite simulator using SDR.
* Wayne (VE3CZO) gave an update on the VHF Superconference held in Sterling, VA.

### Speaker

Clayton (VE3IRR) gave a presentation on the final preparations for the June VHF contest.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at approximately 21:15.
