---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on October 06, 2009
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive.<BR>
       <BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>



	<table>
  	<tr>
   		<th>Name</th>
	   	<th>Call Sign</th>
	   	<th>Position</th>
	 	<th>MH Grid</th>
		<th>RAC</th>
		<th>WCARC</th>
  	</tr>

		<TR>
<TD>Barney Baker</TD>
<TD>VA3BGB</TD>
<TD>Secretary</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bernie Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3BMZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vz</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Tyler Tidman</TD>
<TD>VA3DGN</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Tom Zink</TD>
<TD>VA3NFA</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bh</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Peter Jago</TD>
<TD>VA3PJ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Stan Madore</TD>
<TD>VA3SMM</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN15vz</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Margaret Tidman</TD>
<TD>VA3VXN</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN25ai</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
<TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25bk</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Barrie Crompton</TD>
<TD>VE3BSB</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN15</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Graham Ide</TD>
<TD>VE3BYT</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN25ch</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Rick Bandla</TD>
<TD>VE3CVG</TD>
<TD>Webmaster</TD>
<TD>FN25hm</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Don Greene</TD>
<TD>VE3IGN</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN##</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Bill Brown</TD>
<TD>VE3MMQ</TD>
<TD>Member</TD>
<TD>FN14pa</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Michael Babineau</TD>
<TD>VE3WMB</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TD>FN15xl</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Doug Leach</TD>
<TD>VE3XK</TD>
<TD>VicePresident</TD>
<TD>FN15wg</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
<TR>
<TD>Al Penny</TD>
<TD>VO1NO</TD>
<TD>President</TD>
<TD>FN24cw</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
<TD>YES</TD>
</TR>


</table>

<br><br>


<Strong>Opening:</strong><br>
   The meeting was opened by President Al Penny(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.
<br><br>


<!--Secretary-->
   <Strong>Secretary's Report:</Strong>
   <br>
Secretary Barney Baker(VA3BGB) moved that the August minutes be accepted as posted. Seconded by Rick VE3CVG. Passed.<br><br>Barney(VA3BGB) moved that the September minutes be accepted as posted. Seconded by Stan(VA3SMM). Passed.
   <br><br>

<!--SecretaryEnd-->

<!--Treasurer-->
   <Strong>Treasurer's Report:</Strong>
<br>
On behalf of Treasurer Ken Asmus (VA3KA), Al Penny(VO1NO) reported:<br><br>Proceeds of the sale of VA3KS donated equipment: $724.00<br>Proceeds of the OARC Fleamarket: $522.00<br>Sale of the HTX-100 and MMT 432-28: $100.00<br><br>Payment to Al - VO1NO re approved Beacon expenses: $439.32<br>Payment to Doug - VE3XK re Cash Box purchase: $26.94<br><br>Current Balance: $1200.00<br><br>Membership as of 1 October 2009 is 32 members.
<br><br>
<!--TreasurerEnd-->




<Strong>Old Business:</Strong>
<br>
        None<BR><BR>

<br>
<Strong>New Business:</Strong>
<br>
        Doug(VE3XK) moved that it is the intent to amend the West Carleton Amateur Radio Club By-Law 1 as follows:<br><br>The existing club By-Law 1 be renumbered as By-Law 1.a. and the following paragraph added as By-Law 1.b.<br><br>Life membership, free of annual dues or assessments, may be granted to major benefactors of the club. Candidates for nomination shall be approved by majority vote of the officers. Two weeks in advance of the next monthly general meeting, notice of the successful nominee name(s) and the intent to hold a vote on the matter shall be sent to the club members. Life members count in the membership total and for the purposes of calculating a quorum.<br><br>Seconded by Bill(VE3MMQ). Passed. This amendment will be placed before the members during the November monthly general meeting.<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>General Reports:</Strong>
<br>
<br>
        <STRONG>Projects</STRONG><br><br><STRONG>Beacons</STRONG><br><br>Doug(VE3XK) informed members that all beacons were operational. He also described favourable responses from a number of other amateurs encountered during his beacon presentations for other groups.<br><br><STRONG>D-STAR</STRONG><br><br>Rick(VE3CVG) reported that Dale(VE3XZT) had made a new robust antenna stand. Ken(VA3KA), Ying(VA3YH) and Rick(VE3CVG) assisted Dale in the removal of the old tilted (west) antenna mount which held the VHF, UHF and the 23CM voice antennas. The new mount, elevates the antennas a couple of feet and they also turned the VHF and UHF antennas slightly. The new antennas and mount are boringly straight. Coverage is now much improved in Cumberland and generally better in all areas, proving that a few inches makes a big difference.<br><br>Progress on Hotspots - one board is partially tested. Connectivity to gateway via internet is working OK. The digital carrier detect board has been received and will be wired into the initial hotspot, but future digital COR's will be a simple LM319 comparator, which should be $24.50 cheaper than the $25.00 digital COR.<br><br>The repeater/gateway site is under construction. Rogers is expanding the cell site and was installing power and equipment in the same room where our systems are installed. Unfortunately, our equipment was covered with concrete dust and drippings from the core drilling equipment. Also equipment, and materials were being piled on our equipment. This has been discussed with the Y and they assure us that we are not about to be evicted and will speak to the contractor doing the work about damaging our equipment and leaving doors unlocked.<br><br>The temperature module is in place and fully operational. We are in the process of adding software to make use of the data. We are monitoring the outside temperature, inside temperature, and computer temperature.<br><br><STRONG>WCARC Web Pages</STRONG><br><br>We have refined the WCARC registration page which is accessible from the Membership page/Tab. All members should visit the page and submit a form to ensure that we have your e-mail, address and phone number, etc. The same form is used for application for membership in WCARC and also for application to join the forum or for updating information. If you are already a member, treat your initial form as an update.<br><br>There is no change on the domain name issue.<br><br><STRONG>St. Lawrence Valley Repeater Council</STRONG><br><br>Graham - VE3BYT reported that the next SLVRC meeting will be on the 7th of November and invited all members to attend.<br><br><STRONG>Lanark Space Agency</STRONG><br><br>Barry(VE3BSB) reported that they have launched 5 balloons and plan another for early November on a Saturday. The LASA is planning a new venting system for their launch from downtown Perth. The approximatley $700.00 cost of each launch is sponsored with the last, by parents of the participants.<BR><BR>
<br>

<Strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</Strong>
<br><br>
	 Doug(VE3XK) presented the results of his research regarding the use of cordless 5.8GHz phones during the FN04xa contest. Much discussion ensued with the resulting recommendation for the club to provide $200.00 for the aquisition of a base station phone and an antenna. See new Business for details.<br><br>Doug - VE3XK introduced Michael Babineau - VE3WMB to speak on HF Portable Operations. Michael explained in detail his radio's, antennas and mounts with his experiences in various locations. Thank you Michael for a very interesting presentation.<br><BR>
<i>Webmaster's note - the above presentations may be viewed by clicking on the Presentations Tab.</i><br><BR>

<Strong>Adjournment:</Strong>
<br>
The President Al Penny(VO1NO) stated that there being no further business, the meeting would be adjourned.
The meeting was closed at 22:05 hours.
