---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 5, 2016
---

The meeting was held in the Kanata Room at Sobey's, on the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Graham Ide       | VE3BYT    | Member         | FN25ch  | YES |  YES  |
| Wayne Getchell   | VE3CZO    | Member         | FN25    | YES |  YES  |
| Richard Ferch    | VE3KI     | Member         | FN25ce  | YES |  YES  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice-President | FN25bf  | YES |  YES  |
| Clare Fowler     | VE3NPC    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | YES |  YES  |
| Andy Hart        | VE3NVK    | Treasurer      | FN25bh  | YES |  YES  |
| Graham Collins   | VE3GTC    | Member         | FN25ig  | YES |  YES  |
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | YES |  YES  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours.
No visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

The Secretary, (VE3AX), introduced the minutes of the June meeting.
Moved by the Secretary (VE3AX) that the minutes be approved; seconded by Rich (VE3KJ).
Motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

17 paid up members and $493 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

The speaker for November will be Dave Conn and the subject will be designing HF antennas.

There are some hams who might be interested in joining the club but they have a scheduling conflict with the Diefenbunker meetings held on Tuesdays. Doug will have discussions with them.

The speaker for the August meeting will be Greg Danylchenko (VE3YTZ) with an introduction to extension cords.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

2m beacon is still off the air. It was causing some interference to the repeater located at the fire station. The tower will need to be taken down in order to verify the 2m stacking harness.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

New VE2’s on the mesh. They are planning to try to mesh with the Hull hospital and then the YMCA.
Some new VE3 stations are also connected.

### New Business

Doug (VE3XK) asked for further comments from the members on the feasibility of changing the location and day of the club meeting.

### Announcements

* Clayton (VE3IRR) Showed a new DVB-T dongle from Nooelec - NESDR Smart. It has a TCXO and a low noise power supply. It also comes with a SMA connector. Also mentioned the new LimeSDR. It goes from 100 kHz – 3.8 GHz.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) Talked about the Airspy Mini SDR receiver. It has a 12bit ADC. It goes from 24MHz to 1800MHz.
* Graham (VE3GTC) mentioned some low cost LNA’s used for satellite reception. He also showed the PC boards he is getting from OSH Park.
* Wayne (VE3CZO) is still looking for a replacement 12V cigarette lighter plug for the battery top-off project he’s designing. The ones he’s looked at so far cannot handle the current.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) gave an update on the record 47GHz contact by VE3FN and VE2UG.

### Program

Tonight’s speaker is Clayton (VE3IRR) and the subject is the follow-up for the June contest.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:51.
