---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on April 1, 2014
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in Sobey's, Stittsville.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call 
      Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH 
      Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH></TR>
  
   <TR>
      <TD>Barney Baker</TD>
      <TD>VA3BGB</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25ai</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
      <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25ag</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>      
   <TR>
      <TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
      <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
      <TD>Director</TD>
      <TD>FN25bk</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
      <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
      <TD>President</TD>
      <TD>FN25ai</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>
   <TR>
      <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
      <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25dj</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>TES</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
      <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
      <TD>Treasurer</TD>
      <TD>FN25bh</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
      <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25bj</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Christopher Murphy</TD>
      <TD>VE3TIS</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>
   <TR>
      <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
      <TD>VE3XK</TD>
      <TD>Vice President</TD>
      <TD>FN25bf</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
      <TD>VA3BGB</TD>
      <TD>Secretary</TD>
      <TD>FN25dj</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Randy Nordlund</TD>
      <TD>VA3NRN</TD>
      <TD>Visitor</TD>
      <TD>FN25jg</TD>
      <TD>NO</TD>
      <TD>NO</TD>
   </TR>  
   <TR>
      <TD>Ken Asmus</TD>
      <TD>VA3KA</TD>
      <TD>Treasurer</TD>
      <TD>FN15wg</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
   </TR>
   <TR>
      <TD>David Frank</TD>
      <TD>VE3DMU</TD>
      <TD>Visitor</TD>
      <TD>FN25</TD>
      <TD>-</TD>
      <TD>-</TD>
   </TR>  
  
</TBODY></TABLE>

<BR>
  <STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
  The meeting was opened by President Clayton (VE3IRR) at 1930hrs. He welcomed two visitors, Randy Nordlund (VA3NRN) and our speaker David Frank (VE3DMU).
<br><br>
 <STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG><BR>
Secretary Glenn (VE3XRA) introduced the Minutes of the March meeting. It was moved by Secetary Glenn (VE3XRA) that the Minutes be approved as corrected. 
Seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ). Motion was carried.
<br><br>
 <STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG><BR>
The Treasurer reported that there are now 16 paid up members and the bank balance is $822.74.
<br><br>
 <STRONG>President's Report:</STRONG><BR>
The Club received very significant donations related to the upcoming June VHF contest: Ray Perrin (VE3FN) donated 50 feet of 1/2" heliax feedline and several jumpers. 
George Roach (VE3BNO) donated 275 feet of 1/2" heliax.
<br><br>
 <STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG><BR>
nil
<br><br>
 <STRONG>New Business:</STRONG><BR>
Ken Asmus (VA3KA) outlined the history the Club's call sign VE3DVQ for the digipeater providing APRS coverage in the Levant area. 
WCARC contributed to that system, when it started 15 years ago. The most recent holder of the call sign, a former WCARC member, 
is now a Silent Key. While there are volunteers in the area who can maintain the repeater, they would prefer that the call sign 
be held by a member or an Officer of WCARC. It was moved by Doug (VE3XK) that the call signs VE3DVQ and VE3WCC be transferred to 
the present President, Clayton (VE3IRR). The motion was seconded by Peter (VA3PJ) and Carried.
<br><br>
 <STRONG>Reports/Project Updates:</STRONG>
<br><br>
Beacons - Doug (VE3XK) reported that the beacons were still off the air. It had not 
been possible to remove them and investigate the fault yet. He was also exploring 
alternative locations to install the beacons after the fault is corrected.

<br><br>
2304 MHz Transverter Conversion - Bert reported that no one had contacted him looking for help with the project. Several people are at an
early stage in modifications.
<br><br>

June VHF Contest -  Doug (VE3XK) outlined preparations for the upcoming June VHF contest and reported that the Corkery Community Centre was available and was the 
best of the considered alternatives. It was Moved by Doug Leach (VE3XK) that we apply to use the Corkery Community Centre and approve the expenditure of $110 for the weekend of June 14-15. Seconded by Glenn (VE3XRA). Carried.
<br><br>
 <STRONG>Presentation:</STRONG><BR>
Our guest speaker, David Frank (VE3DMU) gave us a talk about tracking weather balloons.
<br><BR>

<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
President Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 
2134 hrs.
