---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of May 2, 2006
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.

The following members and guests were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|
| Phil St-Germain        | VE3CIQ     |                  |
| John Christensen       | VE3IAO     |                  |
| Dale Hennigar          | VE3XZT     |                  |
| Bob Clermont           | VE3AKV     |                  |
| Robin Webb             | VE3UIX     |                  |
| Les McCready           | VA3BZQ     |                  |
| Tim Evangelatos        | VE3MY      |                  |
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      |                  |
| Brad Smith             | VE3BSM     |                  |
| Manfred Kahle          | VA3WK      |                  |
| Rene Kahle             | VA3XK      |                  |
| Harold Hamilton        | VA3UNK     |                  |
| Dean Denter            | VA3CDD     |                  |
| Barney Baker           | VA3BGB     |                  |
| Steve Attfield         | VA3SAX     | Guest            |
| Tom Zinck              | VA3NFA     | President        |
| Ken Asmus              | VA3KA      | Treasurer        |
| Graham Ide             | VE3BYT     | Secretary        |

Rick, VE3CVG, Vice President / Webmaster was absent.

President Tom, VA3NFA, reported that the 903 MHz beacon and
the WCARC web site are in good order. The club would like to receive reports of
reception of the beacon.

Ken, VA3KA, reported that the finances are in good
shape. At present membership stands at
26.

Graham, VE3BYT, had nothing secretarial to report.

Everyone congratulated Steve Attfield on passing his examination
and getting his station licence, VA3SAX.

Members were reminded about the Rideau Lakes ARC fleamarket
at Smiths Falls on May 13. The club will have a table. Rochester will be on June 4, 5 & 6, and
will be followed by the Dayton Hamfest.

Brad, VE3BSM, reported that the APRS system is working well
with a few holes in the coverage. Manfred may have to turn his digipeater on again. Smiths Falls digi is oriented to favour to
the southwest. Bob, VE3AKV, indicated
that Napanee is active now.

Field Day: Al
Penney, VO1NO, is coordinating the WCARC field Day activities. Al will give a presentation on plans at the
June meeting. It will be a 2A
installation entry. Location will be
the Agricultural Fair Ground at Middleville.
Expenses will be shared 50/50 with the SW Lanark North Leeds ARES Group.
These are estimated to be $150 for the use of the property, $100 for food,
Gasoline $150, i.e. $400/2 or around $200 for the club. It was **Moved** by Tom, VA3NFA, seconded
by Dale, VE3XZT, that we support this initiative. **Carried**.
Callsign to use will be determined. Tom
will inquire about charges for meals/food.

Tom spoke on Manfred's offer to turn his repeaters over to
the WCARC. This offer was
enthusiastically received. A committee
was formed to coordinate the changeover in ownership and operation. The equipment is at Phil's (VE3CIQ)
site. The committee consists of Phil,
VE3CIQ, Dale, VE3XZT, and John, VE3IAO. Rene, VA3XK, will act as consultant to the committee. IRLP will be located at VE3IAO. Manfred indicated that the 2 Metre R100
controller can be reprogrammed with the new callsign. **Moved** by Doug, VE3XK, seconded by Tom, VA3NFA, a motion of
thanks to Manfred for his generosity - **Carried**.

Doug, VE3XK, inquired about the possibility of getting the
222 MHz repeater back on and linking all together. Manfred suggested that the committee look into this.

Graham, VE3BYT, showed and described the characteristics of
the Skew-Planar Wheel antenna he has constructed for 440 MHz. This will be erected for on the air testing
during the local VHF/UHF net.

Tom, VA3NFA, showed a dual Halo antenna, for 144 and 432
MHz. This is solidly constructed. Tom will use this during his Rovering
expeditions.

Ken, VA3KA, said that the Capital Region DX Club may be
resuscitated, and Sobey's will be considered for a meeting place.

Ken gave an interesting talk about his many experiences at
the Alert station.

The club will consider a combined order for the purchase of
VHF/UHF PCB antennas, according to the needs of members.

The next meeting will be on June 6, 2006.

Graham Ide VE3BYT  
Secretary.
