---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on June 18, 2018
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Vice President   | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Director         | FN25ac  | Yes | Yes   |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Member           | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Andy Hart              | VE3NVK     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Marius Draghia         | VE3ETK     | Member           |         | Yes | Yes   |
| Don Young              | VE3KDF     | Visitor          | FN25    | Yes |       |
| Roger Egan             | VA3EGY     | Visitor          | FN14pj  | Yes |       |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:02 hours.
2 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the May meeting posted on the WCARC website and moved that the minutes be approved as posted. The motion was seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

We have 30 paid up members and the bank balance is $1,016.

### Vice President's Report

The speaker for July is Bryan Rawlings (VE3QN) and the subject is "A Wire to the New World." The speaker for August will be VE3HX, and September VE2ZAZ.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Speaker

Tonight's speaker is Clayton Smith (VE3IRR) and the subject is "Recap of the 2018 June VHF Contest."

### Old Business

Doug (VE3XK) mentioned that all of the test equipment had been received, and the replacement screen for the VNA which had been damaged during transit had been shipped by air mail.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug reported that the 6m and 70cm beacon are presently down. They will be looked at once Wayne is available.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Bert (VE2ZAZ) mentioned that some tests were done at the Camp Fortune transmitter site. The tests were not conclusive because of foliage.

### New Business

* Doug (VE3XK) mentioned that his KPA500 amplifier had been damaged during the contest and was asking that the club be responsible for the repairs.
* Clayton (VE3IRR) moved that once the amplifier is repaired that the club reimburse the cost up to $500. If the repairs exceed $500 it will be discussed at a later meeting. Andy (VE3NVK) seconded the motion. The motion was carried.
* Clayton asked that the club reimburse Ray (VE3BVV) for his expenses during the contest. A $50 cheque was sent to him.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

Roger (VA3EGY) presented himself to the group.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 20:59.
