---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on April 5, 2016
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.
<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>


 <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
  <TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
  </TR>
  <TR>
    <TD>Glenn MacDonell</TD>
    <TD>VE3XRA</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Graham Ide</TD>
    <TD>VE3BYT</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ch</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Dean Denter</TD>
    <TD>VA3CDD</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN15wl</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Randy Nordlund</TD>
    <TD>VE3AX</TD>
    <TD>Secretary</TD>
    <TD>FN25jg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

  <TR>
    <TD>Bert Zauhar</TD>
    <TD>VE2ZAZ</TD>
    <TD>Director</TD>
    <TD>FN25bk</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
  </TR>

 </TBODY>
</TABLE>

<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Opening:</STRONG>
<BR>
The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:30 hours.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Secretary's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>
The Secretary, Randy Nordlund (VE3AX), introduced the Minutes of the February meeting.
Moved by the Secretary, Randy (VE3AX) that the Minutes be approved; seconded by Clayton (VE3IRR).
Motion was carried.
<BR>
Also discussed was the omission from the March minutes, mention that the club would revisit the idea of a club project.
This will be added to the March minutes and posted to the website.

<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Treasurer's Report:</STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Vice President's Report</STRONG>
<BR>
Speakers and Kanata meeting room are booked till the end of the year.
<BR>
<BR>The speaker for April will be Bert (VE2ZAZ) and will discuss ESD protection.
<BR>
<BR>A survey will be conducted on what projects that the members want to do and also do a show and tell of projects that members
have already done.
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>President's Report: </STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Old Business:</STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>New Business: </STRONG>
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Reports / Project Updates</STRONG>
<BR>
Beacons
<BR>
There have been no new issues with the 2m beacon since the last meeting. All other beacons are functioning fine.
<BR>
<BR>
D-STAR
<BR>
Nil.
<BR>
<BR>
Broadband Hamnet
<BR>
No big changes and some new users have been added so the mesh is getting bigger.
<BR>
<BR>
There was some discussion on how some of the holes in the network could be filled.
<BR>
<BR>
Clayton mentioned that he is working on a mesh node with a RPI.
<BR>
<BR>
Bert is looking at feeding APRS data over the hamnet network. Also looking at how to incorporate speedtests on the network.
<BR>
<BR>
Clayton mentioned that Dave VA3AE will be putting a Flex radio on the mesh, in receive mode, so that members can use it to
listen via his station.
<BR>
<BR>

<STRONG>Announcements</STRONG>
<BR>
Randy mentioned that K2LIM is selling fully assembled 1296 loopers which could be delivered at the VHF Superconference.
<BR>
<BR>
Bert announced that he found the web based Easy-Eda pcb design and circuit simulation and it works very well.
<BR>
<BR>
Randy announced that the VE2FUT group was looking at requesting an experimental licence to operate in the 70 Mhz band.
<BR>
<BR>
Clayton mentioned that VE3WCC APRS was confirmed to be off the air.
<BR>
<BR>
Clayton (VE3IRR) proposed a motion that the expenses for the Club's June contest location be paid from the Treasury. Seconded by Randy (VE3AX). Motion carried.
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Program</STRONG>
<BR>
For our presentation this evening, Clayton discussed plans for the WCARC participation in the June VHF Contest.
<BR>
<BR>
<STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG>
<BR>
The President stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 21:34 hours.
