<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN"
 "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html>
  <head>
    <title>WCARC Minutes</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1">
    <meta content="Rick Bandla - VE3CVG" name="author">
    <meta content="WCARC Minutes" name="DESCRIPTION">
    <meta content="WCARC" name="KEYWORDS">
    <meta content="FreshHTML v1.00" name="GENERATOR">
  </head>
  <body text="black" vlink="gray" alink="blue" link="blue" bgcolor="white">
    <img alt="WCARC logo" src="../images/smallwcclogo.gif" align="absMiddle" border="0"><font size="+3">West
    Carleton Amateur Radio Club</font> 
    <hr>
    <h2>Minutes - Meeting of January 2, 2008</h2>
    <p>The meeting was held in the Kanata room at Sobey's in Kanata.</p>
    <p>The following members were present:
<br><br>
    <table cellspacing="1" cellpadding="1" align="center" border="0" width="75%">
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <td><B>Name</B> &nbsp;</td>
          <td><B>Call</B> &nbsp;</td>
          <td><B>Position</B> &nbsp;</td>
          <td><B>Grid</B> &nbsp;</td>
          <td><B>RAC</B> &nbsp;</td>
          <td><B>WCARC</B> &nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Al Penney&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VO1NO/VE3&nbsp;</td>
          <td>President&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN24cw&nbsp;</td>
          <td>?&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Doug Leach&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VE3XK&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Vice President&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN15wg&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Ken Asmus&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VA3KA&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Treasurer&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN15wg&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Barney Baker&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VA3BGB&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Secretary&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN25ai&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Tom Bartello&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VE3ELM&nbsp;</td>
          <td>&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN15wg&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Bill Brown&nbsp;</td>
          <td>W4TAA/VE3&nbsp;</td>
          <td>&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN15ve&nbsp;</td>
          <td>N&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Brad Smith&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VE3BSM&nbsp;</td>
          <td>&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN24cw&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Richard Hagemeyer&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VE3UNW&nbsp;</td>
          <td>&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN25di&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Graham Ide&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VE3BYT&nbsp;</td>
          <td>&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN25ch&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Y&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td> Shelly JonesPenny&nbsp;</td>
          <td>VE1NOS/VE3&nbsp;</td>
          <td>Guest&nbsp;</td>
          <td>FN24cw&nbsp;</td>
          <td>?&nbsp;</td>
          <td>N&nbsp;</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
     </p>
<br><br>
    <p>Al, VO1NO/VE3, wished all present a happy new year and requested everyone to
    introduce themselves.</p>
    <p>Ken, VA3KA, provided the treasurers report and reported that membership fees
    were again due for the new year.</p>
    <p>Graham, VE3BYT moved that the minutes of the December meeting be accepted as
    posted on the website. Seconded by Ken VA3KA, the members voted their approval.</p>
    <p>Ken, VA3KA reported on the status of The DStar sytem, that it is now linked to
    Europe, that multicasting is now available and that new gateway software releases
    expected soon will ease certain DStar constraints including the use of a variable
    IP address.</p>
    <p>Ken also mentioned that a Japanese Ham had created a dongle to interface a transceiver
    to DStar which provide a number of DStar features.</p>
    <p>Al, VO1NO/VE3, described the location that Doug VE3XK had found for use in the
    June 2008 VHF contest. His request of who would want to participate resulted in
    several members responding with interest.</p>
    <p>Graham, VE3BYT, reported on a balloon project. Discussion resulted in the recommendation
    that this topic be brought forward in the early spring and Graham said he would
    take that action.</p>
    <p>Al,VO1NO/VE3, described a number of contests which will occur from January to
    May of 2008 and a number of ham radio markets that will occur.</p>
    <h3>PROPAGATION BEACON BRIEFING</h3>
    <p>Doug, VE3XK, provided the briefing which covered approximately 1.75 hours generating
    much discussion. The briefing will be provided to Rick, VE3CVG, for inclusion onto
    the WCARC website.</p>
    <p>Upon completion of the discussion to the satisfaction of the members the following
    motions were made: 
    <li>1. Doug, VE3XK, motioned that the WCARC beacon program objective should read:
    To provide a weak signal propagation beacon on each VHF, UHF and SHF band of club
    interest, located for maximum user benefit to both local and distant radio amateurs.
    Seconded by Graham, VE3BYT, the members present voted to approve the motion.</li>
    <li>2. Doug, VE3XK, motioned to accept W4TAA/VE3 offer of a 6M beacon with a budget
    of $100.00 to obtain a suitable antenna. Seconded by Brad, VE3BSM, the members present
    approved the motion.</li>
    <li>3. Doug, VE3XK, motioned for approval of phase one of this three year project
    to cover the cost of the purchase of hardware to create a 70cm beacon with a budget
    not to exceed $1200.00. Seconded by Graham, VE3BYT, the members present approved
    this motion. 
    <p>Following discussions concluded that equipment belonging to Tom, VA3NFA, be returned
    to him for his action.</p>
    <p>Upon completion of discussion the meeting was adjourned at 22:10 Hours.</p>
    <p>The next meeting will be on Tuesday,
    February 5, 2008.</p>
    <p>Barney Baker VA3BGB&nbsp;<br>
    Secretary.</p>
    <p></p>
<P>The minutes were amended on Feb. 5, 2008 as follows: Doug, VE3XK, motioned for approval of phase one of this three year project to cover the cost of the purchase of hardware.  The project would begin with the creation of a 70cm beacon with a budget not to exceed $1200.00. Seconded by Graham, VE3BYT. The members present approved this motion. Barney Baker VA3BGB (Secretary)</P>

    <hr>
    <br>
    <br>
    <a href="minutesindex.html"><img height="50" alt="Minutes" src="../images/back1.gif" width="50" align="absMiddle" border="0"><font size="+2">Back
    to Minutes Index</font></a> <br>
    <br>
    <a href="../index.html"><img height="50" alt="WCARC" src="../images/back1.gif" width="50" align="absMiddle" border="0"><font size="+2">Back
    to Home Page </font></a><br>
    <br>
    <hr>
    <font color="#000000" size="2"></font>
    <center>
      <i>This page was updated on Feb.6, 2008 and is Copyright &copy; 2004-2008 by West
      Carleton Amateur Radio Club</i>
    </center>
    </li>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
