---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on October 7, 2014
---
<p>The meeting was held in the regular upstairs meeting room in Sobey's at the corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>

  <table>

  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Call Sign</th>
    <th>Position</th>
    <th>MH Grid</th>
    <th>RAC</th>
    <th>WCARC</th></tr>


 <tr>
    <td>Greg Milley</td>
    <td>VA3ITB</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
    <td>FN25el</td>
    <td>NO</td>
    <td>NO</td>
    </tr>


<tr>
    <td>Peter Jago</td>
    <td>VA3PJ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ag</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>


     <tr>
    <td>Ying Hum</td>
    <td>VA3YH</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25db</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Bertrand Zauhar</td>
    <td>VE2ZAZ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25bk</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>


    <tr>
    <td>Dave Goodwin</td>
    <td>VE3AAQ</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dh</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>




    <tr>
    <td>Randy Nordland</td>
    <td>VE3AX</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>

     <tr>
    <td>Graham Ide</td>
    <td>VE3BYT</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ch</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>

 <tr>
    <td>Wayne Getchell</td>
    <td>VE3CZO</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>

    <tr>
    <td>Clayton Smith</td>
    <td>VE3IRR</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ai</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>



 <tr>
    <td>Richard Ferch</td>
    <td>VE3KI</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25ce</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    </tr>

<tr>
      <td>Dave Conn</td>
      <td>VE3KL</td>
      <td>Visitor</td>
      <td>FN25bh</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td></tr>

<tr>
      <td>Norm Rashleigh</td>
      <td>VE3LC</td>
      <td>Visitor</td>
      <td>FN25fk</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td></tr>



    <tr>
    <td>Clare Fowler</td>
    <td>VE3NPC</td>
    <td>Member</td>
    <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


   <tr>
    <td>Doug Leach</td>
    <td>VE3XK</td>
    <td>Vice President</td>
    <td>FN25bf</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


     <tr>
    <td>Glenn MacDonell</td>
    <td>VE3XRA</td>
    <td>Secretary</td>
     <td>FN25dj</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>YES</td></tr>


     <tr>
    <td>Aaron Farnham</td>
    <td>VE3YZY</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
     <td>FN25</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>NO</td></tr>

     <tr>
    <td>George Steves</td>
    <td>VE3ZQH</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
     <td>FN25ch</td>
    <td>NO</td>
    <td>NO</td></tr>

     <tr>
    <td>Bryan Campbell</td>
    <td>VE3ZRK</td>
    <td>Visitor</td>
     <td>FN25dk</td>
    <td>YES</td>
    <td>NO</td></tr>


</table>


<p><br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>
  The
  meeting was opened by  the President, Clayton Smith (VE3XK), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed five visitors: Dave Conn (VE3KL), Norm Rasheleigh (VE3KL), Aaron Farnham (VE3YZY), George Steves (VE3ZQH) and Bryan Campbell VE3ZRK.</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary--><strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the September meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary, that the minutes be approved and posted; seconded by Doug Leach (VE3XK).<br>
  Carried.</p>
<p><br>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer--><strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong> <br>
In the absence of the Treasurer the Secretary advised members that the club's financial situation had not changed significantly since the  last meeting and the bank balance was  $690.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Vice President's Report:</strong><br>
  The Vice President, Doug Leach (VE3XK), reported that speakers have been arranged for all meetings in 2014. Dave Conn (VE3KL) will be the presenter for the November meeting; his topic will be &quot;Antenna Tuners Exposed&quot;.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Nil.<p><br>
<strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach reported that the beacons are now ready to install. As a result of the work he and Wayne Getchell (VE3CZO) undertook not only are the beacons repaired, they are performing better than when they were initially installed and they will also be more stable. The next step is to install them.</p>
<p><strong>D-Star</strong><br>
  Ying Hum (VA3YH) reported that there had been some issues with internet connections in the previous month but they were all resolved.</p>
<p><strong>Broadband Hamnet</strong><br>
  Clayton Smith and Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) reported success in their efforts to establish a solid link between their QTHs in North Kanata and Alymer - a distance of about 11km. The link has been operating continuously for an extended period and allows data rates of up to 3 Mb/s.
Doug Leach had brought his equipment to the meeting and other members described their installations and encouraged members to participate to grow the net.</p>
<p><br>
  <strong>Presentation</strong> <br>
  Wayne Getchell gave us a talk on &quot;A Panadapter Interface to an SDR Dongle for Radios with a 50 - 70 MHz first IF&quot;.
   He described considerations in the design of the interface and demonstrated the system be had designed and built.<br>
</p>

<strong>Adjournment</strong> <br>
The President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at
2120 hrs.
