---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on November 20, 2023 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Vice President   | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Norman Siemens         | VE3NPP     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rémi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Treasurer        | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kennedy           | VA3TEC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Leo Yoshinaka          | VA3CZZ     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  -  |


### Opening
The meeting was opened by the Vice President, Lawrence Dobranski (VA3IQ) at 7:12 pm.
There was one visitor attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the October 2023 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Rémi (VA3DRI). The motion was carried. 
- The 2024 RAC insurance and affiliated club program application paperwork was received. Bert will proceed with the Club registration in the next few weeks.
- Next month's meeting will be the Annual General Meeting (AGM). Since next year will be an even-numbered year, the President, Secretary and Director Officer positions will be submitted to the election process during the AGM.

### Treasurer's Report
- Ray (VE3FN) reported: Our balance in our daily banking accounts is up by $0.12 to $2,734.41.  Our first term deposit benefited from a payment of $35.86 to produce a balance of $1,090.68 and the balance of our second term deposit was augmented by an interest payment of $6.19 to produce a balance of $1,094.76.  The balance in our share account remains at $15.00.
- The Club currently has 24 regular members and 4 life members.

### Vice President's Report
- Lawrence was invited to speak at an OVMRC meeting. He found it amazing to see what a 100+ member amateur radio club can accomplish. One interesting fact is that their monthly meetings are held concurrently in-person and over Zoom.
    
### Director's Report
The director had nothing to report.

### President's Report
Prior to the October meeting, Charles suffered an appendicitis with rupture. Moreover, while being under observation, the doctors also detected an irregular heart rate. As a result, he will be scaling back his involvement in the Club. This means that he will not be running again for Club President, a position to be filled at this upcoming Annual General Meeting. Nonetheless, Charles will try to run the December meeting and will also issue the yearly President report.

### Presentation(s) 
Leo Yoshinaka,VA3CZZ, Carleton University Aerospace/Aerophysics Radio Club cubesat project. 

### Old Business
- Lawrence (VA3IQ): The Club's interest in providing advice on emergency communications to the Galetta Community Association Emergency Planning Committee. Lawrence reached out to the president of the Committee. Since there has not been any news received from the Committee in months, Bert (VE2ZAZ) proposed that we remove that item from the Old Business section. Lawrence agreed to do so.
- Lawrence (VA3IQ) will be organizing a post-Christmas meeting on a Saturday morning, likely in January. 
- Lawrence is also working on organizing a once-a-month WCARC Saturday breakfast during the cold weather months. 
- Microwave day in a park: Lawrence is proposing that we hold a VHF and microwave communication day in a park during the warm weather months, likely in May, prior to the June VHF contest. Bert (VE2ZAZ) will inquire about the Corkery Community Centre field as the venue for the event. 
- Next Month's meeting: Since it will be the AGM, we will have a Show-And-Tell session instead of a presentation.

### New Business
- No new business.

### Show and tell 
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) showed pictures of the SOTA activation of Mont-Ste-Marie he did with Georges-André (VE2VAB) on November 11th.
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) displayed pictures showing the progress of the Corkery Community Centre expansion. He will contact the Association in January to inquire about using the facility for our 2024 June VHF Contest activity.
- New rule for the VHF contest: Equipment must be able to establish a bidirectional communication over a 5 Km distance. A longer link requirement may impact the Club's plans for frequency band coverage. To be discussed in the Spring.


### Ask the Club
No questions were asked.

### Adjournment
The Vice President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 8:42pm.
