---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on November 5, 2013
---
<p>The meeting was held in the Kanata Meeting Room (upstairs) in Sobey's, on the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox Rd, in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>

<table>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th><th>MH Grid</th><th>RAC</th><th>WCARC</th></tr>
  <tr><td>Tyler Tidman</td><td>VA3DGN</td><td>Visitor</td><td>FN25bi</td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Peter Jago</td><td>VA3PJ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ag</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Margaret Tidman</td><td>VA3VXN</td><td>Visitor</td><td>FN25bi</td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Bert Zauhar</td><td>VE2ZAZ</td><td>Director</td><td>FN25bk</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Graham Ide</td><td>VE3BYT</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ch</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wayne Getchell</td><td>VE3CZO</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Clayton Smith</td><td>VE3IRR</td><td>Vice President</td><td>FN25ai</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Clare Fowler</td><td>VE3NPC</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Paul Boltwood</td><td>VE3PLE</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Doug Leach</td><td>VE3XK</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bf</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Glenn MacDonell</td><td>VE3XRA</td><td>Secretary</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
</table>

<br><strong>Meeting Opening</strong><br>
The meeting was opened at 19:30 by Acting President Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), referred to as the President in these minutes.
<br><br>
<strong>Visitors</strong><br>
The President welcomed 2 guests to the meeting: Margaret Tidman (VA3VXN) and Tyler Tidman (VA3DGN).
<br><br>
<strong>Secretary's Report</strong><br>
The President introduced the minutes  of the October meeting  that had been prepared by Bert (VE2ZAZ) in the absence of the Secretary. Doug (VE3XK) pointed
out that the correct MH Grid square for his present QTH is FN25bf. The minutes will be updated with the correction. Moved by Glenn (VE3XRA) that the minutes as
corrected be approved. Seconded by  Doug (VE3XK). Motion approved.
<br><br>
<strong>Treasurer's Report</strong><br>
Treasurer Andy (VE3NVK) reported that the Club's balance will be about $480 after the payment to Radio Amateurs of Canada for liability insurance of $241. He reminded members that
the Club's Annual Membership Fee last year included a charge of $1 per RAC member and $11 per non-RAC member. This year the cost per non-RAC member has increased to $12.
To account for this change and possible changes in the future he gave notice of a financial motion to be considered at the November meeting: The WCARC
membership dues for 2014 be $20 for members of RAC and $20 plus the differential in cost of insurance that the club is charged for a RAC member and a non-RAC member.
<br><br>
<strong>President's/Vice President's Report</strong><br>
President Clayton (VE3IRR) reported that the usual meeting room was booked at Sobeys for the December and January meetings. The December meeting will also
include the Annual General Meeting and this year the positions of President and Secretary are to be filled.
<br><br>
<strong>Director's Report</strong><br>
None
<br><br>
<strong>Old Business</strong><br>
None
<br><br>
<strong>New Business:</strong><br>
<strong>- June ARRL VHF contest</strong><br>
The club began considering options for the June ARRL VHF contest. For the past 6 years the club has mounted an expedition to FN04xa near Grafton Ontario.
The site overlooking Lake Ontario is close to the intersection of 4 grid squares and has clear lines of site to major concentrations of contest participants.
The club has increased its scores over time, placing first in Canada for 3 of the past 4 years. However it requires a drive of about 3 hours and committment
from a core group to set up on Friday and take down on Monday. The previous President, Al Penney (VO1NO), coordinated the expedition and provided a considerable
amount of hardware, including towers, antennas and transmission lines. A show of hands indicated that a larger group of members would be available to participate
if a closer location could be found. The meeting agreed to consider options for the location.  The discussion will resume at the December meeting.
<br><br>
<strong>General Reports and Announcements:</strong>
<br><strong>- 2304 MHz Transverter Project</strong><br>
Bert (VE2ZAZ) reported that he had ordered all of the parts required for the Transverter project except the co-ax relays. He expects to conclude the
ordering and tell participants the final cost of their parts before the next meeting.
<br><br>
<strong>Presentation</strong><br>
Our Speaker was club member, Doug Leach (VE3XK). Doug gave us a presentation on Adding a Panoramic Display to his TS2000. His objective was to use the display
to help with his CW DXing. Along the way he discovered CW skimmer and his presentation illustrated how he put together the panoramic display as well as the
use of CW skimmer. A copy of Doug's presentation can be found
<a href="../presentations/adding_panoramic_display_to_my_ts2000_by_ve3xk_20131105_minimizer.pdf">here</a> or under the Presentations tab, elsewhere on this web site.
<br><br>
<strong>Adjournment</strong> <br>
The President, Clayton (VE3IRR) stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 22:10.
