---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on September 18, 2017
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-----|-------|
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Director         | FN25bk  | Yes | Yes   |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Secretary        | FN25jg  | Yes | Yes   |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | President        | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Doug Leach             | VE3XK      | Vice President   | FN25bf  | Yes | Yes   |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Visitor          | FN25ek  | Yes |       |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes | Yes   |
| Remi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25bh  | Yes | Yes   |
| Margaret Tidman        | VA3VXN     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes | Yes   |
| Tyler Tidman           | VA3DGN     | Member           | FN25ai  | Yes | Yes   |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Member           | FN25    | Yes | Yes   |
| John Vandermey         | VA3RLC     | Member           | FN15xd  | Yes | Yes   |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:02 hours.
One visitor was in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Randy (VE3AX) introduced the minutes of the August meeting posted on the WCARC website.
Randy (VE3AX) moved that the minutes as posted be approved; Seconded by Remi (VA3DRI).
The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

We have 24 paid up members and $519 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

Doug reported that there was $15 of sales at the Carp Hamfest. The speaker next month will be Dave Conn (VE3KL) and the subject will be "Exploring Off Centre Fed and Centre Fed Loaded Antennas."
November will be Brian Jeffrey (VE3UU) and the subject will be "Adventures from the Coldest Part of the Cold War."
December will be the Christmas party.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Nil.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

The beacons are all working fine.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Hams on the Quebec side are trying to connect to the YMCA and installing a new node.

### New Business

* Randy (VE3AX) gave an update on the club 6m yagi.
* Wayne mentioned that he was still looking for a connector for the 1.25" Heliax.

### Announcements

* Glenn (VE3XRA) and Tyler (VA3DGN) talked about the NVIS event scheduled for September 24 and what was done last year.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) showed pictures taken during the September microwave contest and gave a quick update on the RAC AGM and the presentations which were given.
* Clayton (VE3IRR) showed information on the new the LimeSDR Mini project.

### Speaker

The speaker tonight is Tyler (VA3DGN) and the subject is "An Introduction to Git, GitHub and GitLab."

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was
adjourned at 21:21.
