---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes - Meeting of September 4, 2007
---
<P>The meeting was held in the Kanata Room at Sobey's in Kanata.</P>
<P>The following members and guests were present:</P>

<TABLE>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th></tr>
<TR>
<TD>Tom Zinck</TD>
<TD>VA3NFA</TD>
<TD>President</TD>
<TR>
<TD>Tim Evangelatos</TD>
<TD>VE3MY</TD>
<TD></TD>
<TR>
<TD>Dean Denter</TD>
<TD>VA3CDD</TD>
<TD></TD>
<TR>
<TD>Harold H</TD>
<TD>VA3UNK</TD>
<TD></TD>
<TR>
<TD>Barney B</TD>
<TD>VA3BGB</TD>
<TD></TD>
<TR>
<TD>Dale Hennigar</TD>
<TD>VE3XZT</TD>
<TD></TD>
<TR>
<TD>John</TD>
<TD>VE3AIO</TD>
<TD></TD>
<TR>
<TD>Andrew H</TD>
<TD>VE3NNK</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TR>
<TD>Rick Bandla</TD>
<TD>VE3CVG</TD>
<TD>Vice President</TD>
<TR>
<TD>Kieran S</TD>
<TD>VA3KS</TD>
<TD></TD>
<TR>
<TD>Ken M</TD>
<TD>VA3NEK</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
<TR>
<TD>Valentin D</TD>
<TD>VA3WO</TD>
<TD>Guest</TD>
</TR></TABLE>

<p>The meeting was
called to order at 7:31pm by VA3NFA. </p>

<p>The following
guests were present: VE3NNK, VA3NEK and VA3WO. Welcome!</p>

<p>Ken (VA3KA) and
Graham (VE3BYT) informed the President that they could not attend this meeting.</p>

<p>Treasurer's Report</p>

<ul>
  <li>Submitted by email by VA3KA</li>
  <li>The WCARC made about $70 at the Carp Hamfest</li>
  <li>Detailed report will be provided next month.</li>
</ul>

<p>Secretary's Report</p>

<ul>
  <li>submitted by VE3BYT prior to meeting</li>
  <li>Graham is working to get caught up on posting minutes to the web site.</li>
</ul>

<p>VP's Report</p>

<ul>
  <li>Website continues to get many hits. Feel free to email Rick with comments/suggestions for improvements</li>
  <li>900 Repeater has been physically installed at "The Site" but will not be turned on until filters can be added.</li>
  <li>The 10GHz narrow band project is progressing nicely</li>
</ul>

<p>Beacon Status</p>

<ul>
  <li>VE3CVG's 10m/6m beacons off the air for now</li>
  <li>VA3KS's 144.290 beacon is operational</li>
  <li>VA3NFA's 222 beacon project: no progress</li>
  <li>432 beacon is off the air due to a PS failure. Can anyone host this beacon? If so please contact VA3NFA.</li>
  <li>903 beacon is working fine</li>
</ul>

<p>DSTAR Progress (by VA3CVG)</p>

<ul>
  <li>A/B/C DV voice modules are operational</li>
  <li>Gateway is operational</li>
  <li>Currently debugging the 1.2 DD module</li>
  <li>Planning on buying another PS and add a Wx Station to the site</li>
  <li>There are about 15 registered users on the Gateway!</li>
  <li>OARDG booth at Carp Hamfest generated lots of interest</li>
  <li>Many thanks to VE3XK for this OARDG/DSTAR presentation at the Carp Hamfest (RAC Technology Update)</li>
  <li>Planning a OARDG meeting in about 2 week to discuss next steps</li>
</ul>

<p>President's report (by VA3NFA)</p>

<ul>
  <li>Thanks to all that helped out with WCARC table at Carp Hamfest</li>
  <li>Excellent feedback received after the presentation on VHF Mobile Contesting that Tom presented after the Carp Hamfest.</li>
  <li>Tom's asked all present to help out in future meetings by volunteering to provide informal or formal presentation or "show and tell".</li>
  <li>Tom reminded all members that the WCARC election will be held at the December meeting and he encouraged all members to consider running for a position.</li>
  <li>Tom reminded the group of the ARRL VHF contest coming up on Sept 8-9 weekend. There will be several local rovers and other "Big Gun" stations on the air.</li>
  <li>Tom purchased a large box of VHF engineering TX and RX boards in several bands (50/144/432) on Ebay that he will be donating to the club for use in beacon projects.</li>
</ul>

<p>Tellurometers (by VE3MY)</p>

<ul>
  <li>Tim led an informal talk/discussion on how he used Tellurometers in the 50/60's as part of the Canadian Geodesic Survey.</li>
  <li>Thanks Tim!</li>
</ul>

<p>The meeting was adjourned at about 8:45 pm.</p>

<p>The next meeting will be on October 2, 2007.</p>

<p>Tom Zinck (VA3NFA), acting Secretary for Graham Ide VE3BYT.</p>
