---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 4, 2015
---
<p>The meeting was held in the upstairs Kanata meeting room in Sobey's at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox in Kanata.</p>
<p>The following people were present:</p>

<table>
  <tr><th>Name</th><th>Call Sign</th><th>Position</th><th>MH Grid</th><th>RAC</th><th>WCARC</th></tr>
  <tr><td>Peter Jago</td><td>VA3PJ</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ag</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Ying Hum</td><td>VA3YH</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25dk</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Randy Nordlund</td><td>VE3AX</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Graham Ide</td><td>VE3BYT</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ch</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Rick Bandla</td><td>VE3CVG</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25hm</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Wayne Getchell</td><td>VE3CZO</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>David Frank</td><td>VE3DMU</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25ch</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Dave Conn</td><td>VE3KL</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Dave Harris</td><td>VE3KMV</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25</td><td>YES</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Andy Hart</td><td>VA3NVK</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bh</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Paul Boltwood</td><td>VE3PLE</td><td>Member</td><td>FN25bg</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Christopher Murphy</td><td>VE3TIS</td><td>Visitor</td><td>FN25ag</td><td>NO</td><td>NO</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Doug Leach</td><td>VE3XK</td><td>Vice President</td><td>FN25bf</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
  <tr><td>Glenn MacDonell</td><td>VE3XRA</td><td>Secretary</td><td>FN25dj</td><td>YES</td><td>YES</td></tr>
</table>

<p><br>
  <strong>Opening:</strong><br>
  The
meeting was opened by  the Vice President, Doug Leach(VE3XK), at 19:30 hours. He welcomed one visitor Christopher Murphy (VE3TIS).</p>
<p><br>
  <!--Secretary--><strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
  The Secretary, Glenn MacDonell (VE3XRA), introduced the minutes of the July meeting. <br>
  Moved by the Secretary that the minutes be approved ; seconded by  Peter Jago (VA3PJ).<br>
  Carried.
  <br>
</p>
<p><br>
  <!--SecretaryEnd-->
  <!--Treasurer--><strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong> <br>
The Treasurer, Andy Hart (VE3NVK) reported that the current bank balance  was $325 and as of the meeting the club had 19 paid up members.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Vice President's Report<br>
  </strong>Nil<p>
<!--President--><strong>President's Report:</strong>
<br>
Nil. </p>
<!--PresidentEnd-->
<br>

<p><strong>Old Business:<br>
</strong>Doug Leach (VE3XK) reported that he had checked out the fire station to see if he could find the source of interference we observed.  No noise source was found.<p><br>
<strong>New Business</strong>:
<br>
Nil.</p><br>
<p><strong>Reports / Project Updates</strong></p>
<p><strong>Beacons</strong><br>
Doug Leach delivered a short presentation on the installation of the beacons at their new location. The installation went well and quickly and everything is now operating. Power outputs now are 1.5 w. at 2m and .5 w on 6m, 1.25m, and 70cm. Members and other beacon users have reported good signals in the local area and the 6m beacon has been heard in Florida.</p>
<p><strong>D-Star</strong><br>
Rick Bandala (VE3CVG) reported that D-Star systems are working well across the region. For D-Star users at the meeting he noted that  there will be some changes in how linking will be handled. All D-Star users have been notified. <br>
<br>
</p>
<p><strong>New Business</strong><br>
  <br>
  <strong>Project Proposals</strong><br>
  At the next meeting several members will present project proposals
  for the membership to consider.<br>
</p>
<p><strong>Announcement</strong>s<br>
The ARRL Microwave Contest will take place of two weekends - one in mid August (August 15 - 16) and the other in mid September. Two WCARC members Ray Perrin (VE3FN) and Dean Denter (VA3CDD) will participate and several club members will assist them during the contest.<br>
</p>
<p>There will be a QCWA event at the Aviation museum August 12. It will include a Fox hunt and other events. Everyone is welcome.</p>
<p><strong>  Show and tell</strong><br>
Dave Conn showed a board used to take advantage of the abundance of computer power supplies and make it easier to use them for electrons work. Boards are available at By-a-Pie for 15.  He described the polymer devices that provide over current protection and the science.</p>
<p><strong>Presentation<br>
  </strong>A video presentation on  Broadband Hamnet developed by Bert Zauhar (VE2ZAZ) was shown at the meeting. Bert was unable to attend to present, in person. Rick Bandla (VE3CVG) and Ying Hum (VA3YH) assisted in the presentation and the Q and A session, which went on for an extended time. Members were enthusiastic about the effectiveness of the comprehensive presentation.<br>
  <br>
  <br>
 <strong>Adjournment</strong> <br>
  The  President stated that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 22:30 hours.
