---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 18th, 2022 - DRAFT
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a Zoom video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Treasurer        | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clayton Smith          | VE3IRR     | Member           | EN82qb  | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Vice President   | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Member           | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Robert                 | VE3RIR     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |
| Ron                    | VE3IXR     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |
| Charles Gale           | VE3XCC     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |
| Chris Smart            | VE3RWJ     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |
| Marcel                 | VE3FNG     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |
| Earl Wiese             | VE3ELY     | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |
| Dan                    | N9PGM      | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |
| Dan G.                 |   ?        | Visitor          |   -     | No    |  ?  |


### Opening
The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 7:09 pm.
There were eight visitors attending the meeting.

### Secretary's Report
- Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the June 2022 meeting minutes on the Club website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Glenn (VE3XRA). The motion was carried.
- Due to changes in the Ontario Corporation (non-for-profit) update procedure, Bert had to re-send the update forms.

### Treasurer's Report
- The balance as of June 30th was $2,415.96. The main change was a cheque issued for $110.00 to cover the rental of the site at Kinburn for the VHF Contest. There is also $2,000 which is split up into two term deposits. One has a maturity date of August 21st, 2022. The other one will mature on October 21st, 2022. We also have $15 in our "share accounts".
- There are 18 members as of today. There are also three life members.

### Vice President's Report
- At the August meeting, we will have an amateur radio satellite operation training, a 90 minute presentation, given by a ham operator affiliated with AMSAT.
- At the September meeting, we will have a presentation on Parks-On-The-Air.
- To be confirmed, a St-Paul Island CY9C operations report. The speaker and date will be announced later.

### Director's Report
- We received a QSL request in the mail from DL5ME for a 6m QSO completed during the June contest. Wayne will create a WCARC QSL and send it back to DL5ME.

### President's Report
- We visited the Diefenbunker site in preparation for the VHF/UHF beacon move. We have agreed with the DARC on a plan for the move. This topic is also covered in the Old Business section.
- Charles would like to mention Rick Bandla (VE3CVG)'s passing. He had been a former WCARC member for many years prior to his move outside of the Ottawa area.

### Presentation
Bert (VE2ZAZ) - Oscillator Frequency Performance Measurements

### Show and tell
None.

### Old Business
- VHF/UHF Beacon move: We are proceeding with the move. A discussion was held in the latter part of this meeting to discuss the logistics and material procurement in preparation for the move. August 2nd was selected as the move day, with August 3rd being a backup date in case of bad weather.

### New Business
None.

### Ask the Club
No questions were asked.

### Adjournment
The President observed that there was no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 9:15 pm.
