---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Meeting on February 02, 2010
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of
Hazeldean and Terry Fox Drive in Kanata.<br>
<br>
The following people were present:<br>
<br>

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th>Name</th>
      <th>Call Sign</th>
      <th>Position</th>
      <th>MH Grid</th>
      <th>RAC</th>
      <th>WCARC</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Dean Denter</td>
      <td>VA3CDD</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN15wl</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Tyler Tidman</td>
      <td>VA3DGN</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25ai</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Marc Pichette</td>
      <td>VA3DRV</td>
      <td>Guest</td>
      <td>FN25dk</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Jamie Cashin</td>
      <td>VA3JME</td>
      <td>Guest</td>
      <td>FN25</td>
      <td>NO</td>
      <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>J.P. Gendron</td>
      <td>VA3JPG</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Ken Asmus</td>
      <td>VA3KA</td>
      <td>Treasurer</td>
      <td>FN15wg</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Kieran Shepherd</td>
      <td>VA3KS</td>
      <td>Guest</td>
      <td>FN15wg</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Greg Speakman</td>
      <td>VA3OMP</td>
      <td>Guest</td>
      <td>None</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Peter Jago</td>
      <td>VA3PJ</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25ag</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Stan Madore</td>
      <td>VA3SMM</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN15vz</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Harold Hamilton</td>
      <td>VA3UNK</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25dj</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Margaret Tidman</td>
      <td>VA3VXN</td>
      <td>Guest</td>
      <td>FN25ai</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Valentin Doroga</td>
      <td>VA3WO</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25ci</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Bert Zauhar</td>
      <td>VE2ZAZ</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25bk</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Barrie Crampton</td>
      <td>VE3BSB</td>
      <td>Guest</td>
      <td>FN14vv</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Brad Smith</td>
      <td>VE3BSM</td>
      <td>Guest</td>
      <td>FN24cw</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>NO</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Graham Ide</td>
      <td>VE3BYT</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25ch</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Murray Pierce</td>
      <td>VE3IFP</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>None</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Jamie Cashin</td>
      <td>VE3JME</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>None</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Dave Conn</td>
      <td>VE3KL</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN25bh</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Bill Brown</td>
      <td>VE3MMQ</td>
      <td>Member</td>
      <td>FN14pa</td>
      <td>NO</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Andy Hart</td>
      <td>VE3NVK</td>
      <td>Director</td>
      <td>FN25bh</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Doug Leach</td>
      <td>VE3XK</td>
      <td>VicePresident</td>
      <td>FN15wg</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Glenn MacDonell</td>
      <td>VE3XRA</td>
      <td>Secretary</td>
      <td>FN15dj</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Dale Hennigar</td>
      <td>VE3XZT</td>
      <td>Director</td>
      <td>FN15</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Al Penney</td>
      <td>VO1NO</td>
      <td>President</td>
      <td>FN24cw</td>
      <td>YES</td>
      <td>YES</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<br>
<br>
<strong>Opening:</strong><br>
The meeting was opened by President Al Penney(VO1NO) at 19:30 hours.
<br>
<br>
The President noted that he had received a request for a donation from
the CNIB. The executive will discuss and recomend how to respond at the
next meeting. <br>
<br>
RAC has advised that the fee for liability insurace it
makes available to clubs will depend on how many members are also
members of RAC (club fees would be higher if not all of their members
are members of RAC). It may be necessary to adjust membership fees for
non RAC members to cover the additional cost. However, not all the
details were available and a recommendation will be prepared for a
future meeting after the implications of this change are clear.<br>
<br>
<!--Secretary--> <strong>Secretary's Report:</strong> <br>
Secretary Glenn MacDonell(VE3XRA) introduced the minutes of the
previous meeting. Moved by VE3MMQ that the previous minutes as
published on the web pages be approved. Seconded by VA3JPG. <br>
<br>
Motion approved. <br>
<br>
<br>
<!--SecretaryEnd-->
<!--Treasurer--> <strong>Treasurer's Report:</strong>
<br>
Treasurer Ken Asmus(VA3KA) reported At the end of the previous year
(December 2009) the club had 33 members, a high in recent years. 21
people had paid their 2010 membership by the time the Treasurer
reported and he accepted further payments during and after the meeting.
The club had about $900 in the bank and this will grow as members make
their payments for 2010. <br>
<br>
<br>
<!--TreasurerEnd-->
<strong>Old Business:</strong>
<br>
None<br>
<br>
<strong>Project Updates:</strong><br>
Glenn VE3XRA provided an update on the 5.8GHz telephone project.
The Powerpoint presentation can be found on the WCARC website.<br>
<br>
BERT, VE2ZAZ distributed kits for the Bluetooth-Radio Interface with
PTT support to members who had ordered them at the previous meeting.
There was a brief disussion of aspects of the assembly which are
discussed in detail on his website, http://VE2ZAZ.net/BluetoothPTT.htm.<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>New Business:</strong>
<br>
None<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>General Reports:</strong>
<br>
Stan, VA3SMM, showed and described the "VK5JST Aerial Analyser" he had
built from a kit supplied by the South Coast Amateur radio Club of
Adelaide Australia. It costs about half as much as the comparable
MFJ259 antenna analyser.<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>Presentation(s)/Activity:</strong>
<br>
Michael Babineau, VE3WMB, presented "New Digital Modes and Old
Hellschreiber". The Powerpoint presentation can be found on the
WCARC website.<br>
<br>
<br>
<strong>Adjournment:</strong>
<br>
The VE2ZAZ moved that the meeting be adjourned. The meeting was closed
at 21:30 hours.
