---
layout: minutes
date: 2016-12-25
---

## Minutes of the Regular Meeting on August 2, 2016

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Stittsville.
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|:---:|:-----:|
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | YES |  YES  |
| Wayne Getchell   | VE3CZO    | Member         | FN25    | YES |  YES  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice-President | FN25bf  | YES |  YES  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |
| Graham Ide       | VE3BYT    | Member         | FN25ch  | YES |  YES  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | YES |  YES  |
| Andy Hart        | VE3NVK    | Treasurer      | FN25bh  | YES |  YES  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Visitor        | FN25    |     |       |
| Alan Bauld       | VE3CBR    | Visitor        | FN25ag  |     |       |
| Erhan Kum        | VA3KUM    | Visitor        | FN25    |     |       |
| Winston Manning  | VE3YFB    | Visitor        | FN25bh  |     |       |
| Janice Neelands  | VA3PAX    | Visitor        | FN25dj  | YES |       |
| Greg Danylchenko | VE3YTZ    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Brian Jeffrey    | VE3UU     | Visitor        | FN15wi  | YES |       |
| Nick Shepherd    | VE3OWV    | Visitor        | FN15vk  | YES |       |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:31 hours.
7 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

The Secretary, (VE3AX), introduced the minutes of the July meeting.
Moved by the Secretary (VE3AX) that the minutes be approved; seconded by Doug (VE3XK).
Motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

18 paid up members and $492 in the bank plus $25 cash in hand.

### Vice President's Report

Doug discussed the challenges with the reservations of the old Sobey’s meeting place.

If we need to change the meeting night, we need to change the constitution as it is specified in the bylaws. The Sobey’s on March road is an alternate venue if we change the meeting night.

Discussion about the venue and day change followed.

Some questions were asked by the visitors about club expenses and yearly dues.

Show of hands was called to see who was willing to change venue dates.

Andy (VE3NVK) gave the info regarding the WCC yahoo mailing list.

The speaker for the September meeting will be Paul Boltwood (VE3PLE) and the subject is ‘Inside his observatory’

The October speaker will be Brian Rawlings (VE3QN) and the subject will be the 5 W’s of international radio regulations.

The November speaker will be Dave Conn (VE3KL) and the subject will be designing HF wire antennas, RF transformers and common mode chokes.

December will be the annual meeting and Christmas party.

January will be Brian and the subject will be ‘adventures from the coldest parts of the cold war’

March will be Dave Conn (VE3KL) and adding a 6th band to an OCF antenna.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Clayton (VE3IRR) confirmed that the logs from the June contest had been submitted to the ARRL.

A quick recap was done on how well the club did compared to previous years.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

2m beacon is back on the air. The beacons were down for 3 weeks and it took 30 minutes to but the stack back up in the air.

There still is a small issue with a repeater in the neighboring fire station.

#### D-STAR

There was a small outage a couple of weeks back. A lightning strike took out the UPS and power supply.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Nothing new to report.

Clayton (VE3IRR) gave a quick recap on what BBHN is all about.

### New Business

Doug (VE3XK) asked for further comments from the members on the feasibility of changing the location and day of the club meeting.

### Announcements

* Glenn (VE3XRA) Talked about the challenges the ARRL has with growth and expenses.
* Doug (VE3XK) Requested approval to spend $100 for new conenctors.
* Glenn (VE3XRA) Mentioned that a CBC van with an air mast might be available for ham use.
* A reminder was given for the OARC hamfest on September 10.

### Program

Tonight’s speaker is Greg (VE3YTZ) and the subject is extension cords.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 21:47.
