---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on November 21, 2016
date: 2016-12-19
---

The meeting was held at the Sobey's in Kanata (March Rd. location).
The following people were present:

| Name             | Call Sign | Position       | MH Grid | RAC | WCARC |
|------------------|-----------|----------------|---------|:---:|:-----:|
| Bertrand Zauhar  | VE2ZAZ    | Director       | FN25bk  | YES |  YES  |
| Glenn MacDonell  | VE3XRA    | Member         | FN25dj  | YES |  YES  |
| Clayton Smith    | VE3IRR    | President      | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Doug Leach       | VE3XK     | Vice-President | FN25bf  | YES |  YES  |
| Peter Jago       | VA3PJ     | Member         | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |
| Graham Ide       | VE3BYT    | Member         | FN25ch  | YES |  YES  |
| Randy Nordlund   | VE3AX     | Secretary      | FN25jg  | YES |  YES  |
| Robert Boyd      | VE3BE     | Visitor        | FN25    |     |       |
| Jeremy Jones     | VA3ZTF    | Visitor        | FN25ag  | YES |  YES  |
| Andy Hart        | VE3NVK    | Treasurer      | FN25bh  | YES |  YES  |
| Chris Bisaillion | VE3CBK    | Member         | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Dave Conn        | VE3KL     | Visitor        | FN25bh  | YES |       |
| Margaret Tidman  | VA3VXN    | Member         | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Tyler Tidman     | VA3DGN    | Member         | FN25ai  | YES |  YES  |
| Paul Dufresne    | VE3OTB    | Visitor        | FN25dh  |     |       |
| Paul Boltwood    | VE3PLE    | Member         | FN25bg  | YES |  YES  |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Clayton Smith (VE3IRR), at 19:03 hours.
3 visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

The Secretary, (VE3AX), introduced the minutes of the October meeting.
Moved by the Secretary (VE3AX) that the minutes be approved; seconded by Bert (VE2ZAZ).
The Motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

19 members. $429 in the bank.

### Vice President's Report

Next month will be the Annual meeting and Christmas party.

### Director's Report

Nil.

### President's Report

Nil.

### Old Business

Graham (VE3BYT) asked for an update on the projects. Clayton (VE3IRR) will resend the project survey as there are new members.

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

Doug gave an update on the beacons. They had been down for a couple of days.
Doug (VE3XK) and Paul (VE3PLE)  have been looking at setting up a 6m and 2m WSPR beacon.
Doug presented a motion to use the VE3WCC callsign on the WSPR beacons. Glenn( VE3XRA) seconded.
Motion was carried.

#### D-STAR

Nil.

#### Broadband Hamnet

People are still trying to connect to the mesh. Map getting bigger â€“ 35 stations.

### New Business

Nil.

### Announcements

* Dave (VE3KL) talked about his NVIS antenna experiments.

### Program

The speaker Dave Conn VE3KL presented the following topic: HF Wire Antennas, EMI and Contest Stations.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 20:52.
