---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 20th, 2020
---
The meeting was held over the internet via a GoToMeeting video conference.
The following people were present:

| Name                   | Call Sign  | Position         | MH Grid | WCARC | RAC |
|------------------------|------------|------------------|---------|-------|-----|
| Brian Jeffrey          | VE3UU      | Member           | FN15    | Yes   | Yes |
| Karen Bryden           | VA3IGO     | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Charles MacDonald      | VA3CPY     | President        | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Bertrand Zauhar        | VE2ZAZ     | Secretary        | FN25bk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Jeremy Jones           | VA3ZTF     | Vice President   | FN25ac  | Yes   | Yes |
| Rich Ferch             | VE3KI      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Lawrence Dobranski     | VA3IQ      | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Ray Perrin             | VE3FN      | Member           | FN25dk  | Yes   | Yes |
| Robert Boyd            | VE3BE      | Treasurer        | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Glenn MacDonell        | VE3XRA     | Member           | FN25dj  | Yes   | Yes |
| Chris Rochefort        | VE2MW      | Member           | FN25ck  | Yes   | Yes |
| Mike Kassay            | VE3MKX     | Member           | FN14st  | Yes   | Yes |
| RÃ©mi De Cristofaro     | VA3DRI     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Clare Fowler           | VE3NPC     | Member           | FN25    | Yes   | Yes |
| Wayne Getchell         | VE3CZO     | Director         | FN25dh  | Yes   | Yes |
| Luc Pernot             | VE3JGL     | Member           | FN25ek  | Yes   | Yes |
| Peter Jago             | VA3PJ      | Member           | FN25ag  | Yes   | Yes |
| Randy Nordlund         | VE3AX      | Member           | FN25jg  | Yes   | Yes |
| John Vandermey         | VA3RLC     | Member           | FN15xd  | Yes   | Yes |

### Opening

The meeting was opened by the President, Charles (VA3CPY) at 19:14.
No visitors were in attendance.

### Secretary's Report

Bert (VE2ZAZ) posted a draft version of the June 2020 meeting minutes on the website prior to this meeting. Moved by him that the minutes be adopted as posted on the website. Seconded by Jeremy (VA3ZTF). The motion was carried.

### Treasurer's Report

Robert (VE3BE) reported 24 paid up members for 2020 and a bank balance of $1534.00. There is also $2,000 which is split up into 2 term deposits. One will mature on October 20th. The other one has a maturity date of June 21st, 2021.

### Vice President's Report

- Jeremy (VA3ZTF) thanked Charles (VA3CPY) for stepping forward to fill in the President's position.
- Jeremy mentioned that the Club is trying out GoToMeeting, a video meeting service offered free to us by someone who would like to remain anonymous. Jeremy noticed that there are a few hiccups to solve. He suggested that we schedule test sessions prior to next meeting to "iron out the wrinkles."

### Director's Report

Nothing to report.

### President's Report

This is the first meeting as President for Charles (VA3CPY). He is still learning about the position. Charles can be reached via email by anyone who would like to make suggestions or has questions related to the Club.

### Speaker

Ray Perrin (VE3FN): Introduction to VHF/UHF Weak-Signal Activity

### Old Business

- September VHF Contest:
  - From Jeremy (VA3ZTF): Tentative September VHF Contest 12-14 September. Clayton (VE3IRR) will not be available to help with the contest this year. He can transfer the information to anyone who would like to take over. Jeremy would like to know if there is interest in participating in the contest, or as an alternative, have a rover setup by the Club members. As nobody volunteered to lead the organization during the meeting, Charles will send an email on the WCC list asking one last time for a volunteer to take ownership of contest organization. *Item open.*
  - Check with Ray Burrell for his availability in the event that the Club participates in the ARRL September VHF contest. *Item open.*

### Reports / Project Updates

#### Beacons

From Jeremy (VA3ZTF): The 6m, 2m, 1.25m and 70cm beacons are all off the air. The problem on the UHF transmitter appears to have been located: it was a connector issue. Replacement connectors have been ordered. The plan is to have the beacons re-located at the Deifenbunker, once the new tower is erected. The tower base is poured. Tower should be up by mid-August.

#### Broadband Hamnet

Nothing to report.

### New Business

None.

### Announcements / Show & Tell

Mike (VE3MKX) is holding a free virtual CW learning Course (into its second week). It is challenging to demonstrate proper ergonomics for best CW in a video, but the participants are coming along.

### Adjournment

The President observed that there being no further business; the meeting was adjourned at 20:33.
